 i'm 2nd post....yee haw!!!!!!!! do i get a badge? great, but will it be possible to refer to old thread? and one more thing how do i find and add a discussion to "my bookmarks?" if you have posted in that discussion, click on "participated" and all your past post topics are chronologically listed. if you are looking for a brand or model or a keyword, use the "car forums" link at the top left of this page to get some ways of searching for models, brands, keywords, or poster names. if you want to bookmark this one, there is a little 5 point star next to the title up above.  just click that and it turns yellow. thanks , it worked like a charm. thanks imidazol97. i will try that later but stickguy's approach works for me. thanks for that. while this new board loads faster it just seems a little cumbersome and not very user friendly. no, but it's almost like you're famous.  just think, if this discussion goes on for years and years like the other did, visitors loading this discussion for the very first time will see your name associated with the first member post.  and i gave you a "like." re the old discussion.  i'm not sure what will become of it.  this is the first one we're retiring on the new platform.  hopefully it can be archived. okay, here am i also.  now i need to add this to what shows up on my list. looks like i've done it. something tells me we won't get to 100k on this one anytime soon, but one never knows. wow!  i'm almost famous....... thanks...... wow, that's a throwback to the old, old, old board software (well engaged? i forget its name) where you had to do this all the time to keep a discussion going after a certain number of posts. the more things change... agreed. it is very dumb and complex at the same time. we don't even have a page number yet. talk about new! well, you may be almost famous.  but are you a golden god, tiny dancer? having been through the archives just a few months ago, i saw all the discussions 'blah blah blah #6' and 'blah blah blah #7', where post #1 was a canned statement from the (then) host about this being a continuation. iirc, the limit then was pretty small (1000 posts?). at least with 100k posts before we have to close it down it will take some time. if we average 25 posts a day, that's about 9000 a year - would take 11 years to get to 100k posts again. c'mon, people, i'm sure we can average more than 25 a day. anyone have an actual story about buying or selling a car? minnie pearl "i'm just so proud to be here" !!  probably not many will remember that one. at least i got on the first page. we were discussing what is the real invoice number. i believe the invoice numbers have been raised such as those shown in edmunds to fool the purchaser. it's my feeling profit margin at least double that indicated by the reported invoice. i operated on that basis negotiating my malibu purchase. ld....got the reference!!!!! i bought one and sold two in the last 3 weeks. one sold with a sign on it and the other one went to a craigslist responder an hour out of town. the used van we bought came from a dealer 20 minutes away after we did a three day road trip down to wisconsin and test drove eight or so new cars down there, and tested another 4 or 5 vans within an hour of home. i almost lost the local sale of my '97 outback. the buyer saw the sign, drove the car and went home and raided his strongbox, all within an hour. then i screwed up the title and had to wait until the next morning to talk to dmv (the joys of a small town, no line and the woman fixed it in 2 minutes). meanwhile the buyer was having a little remorse and thought he heard a wheel bearing noise. so i knocked $100 off and since then i've seen him cruising around a lot. he claimed he was going to check it out and then give it to his daughter, but the way he had shined it up, i bet he keeps it for himself. it was a great winter ride. the van "sold" sight unseen and while i was waiting for the buyer to drive the hour to my house to pick it up, i could have sold it to a local guy that was sort of a distant relation. that after it had been on craigslist a week and on the street with a sign on it for several days with zero interest. go figure. not yet.  but, i could retell my fabulous jos a. bank story! if only i had cashed in my 401k/ira prior to the greenwich concours... not a sales story, but a sales question(s)/observation.  it's no secret that my two favorite brands of cars are acura and bmw (not neccessarily in that order)..  bmw's are fair in retaining their value, hurt by the fact that bmw coroporate offers sizeable subsidies on their value to make the leases more attrative.  yet, they still sell for a premium on the used market. another one, acura, is known as being the brand that has one of the best resale values among all brands, have been discounting their cars, as in the case with the new rlx, over $10k off msrp.  so, the question here is, even though the previous rl was also heavily discounted, the resale value doesn't "appear" to be affected. am i missing a piece of the puzzle here? it was 500 posts, so that's quite a few less than 100k.  it took us more than 8 years to get to 100k. well, i am the first person to post from london england. that joseph el banks story is going to get lost in  the archives. i may be the first person to post here using a galaxy tab10. all i can repo r t is there are lots of mercedes here....about 15x as many as bmw! i think it's been that way for a long time, though it may be getting worse.   for instance, bmws don't have "holdback", but it's common knowledge that there is 5% of invoice of back-end money that bmw pays the dealer (which varies by csi scores and volume).. and, some makes have such thin margins between msrp and invoice, that there has to be more money on the back end (volvo comes to mind). i received a letter addressed to the previous owners of our home. it's from a company wanting to reunited them with their unclaimed funds from somewhere in exchange for 20% of the unstated amount. or they want to find their heirs for the same commission goal. i looked up the folks who used to live here and i find a mortgage company in florida and a sears amount in tx for more than $100 out of the states participating in the treasure hunt unclaimed funds page. none here in ohio for the folks. is it likely that's what the company is wanting to get 20% of? --something related to the mortgage? either insurance refund or a settlement from the large mortgage company? i hope i can find the folks to forward this information that there may be missing money owed to them. speaking of missing money, recently someone that works with my wife said she saw out name on the nj missing funds list.  apparently there is a website where you can search by name to see what comes up.  she must have had some, so looked for other people she knew. and out name popped up. was obviously us, because the address was a bastardized mix of 1/2 our current, and 1/2 our last one.  and the date was in 1997, right around when we moved.  so, i filled out the couple of online question, and a few weeks later we got a legal looking form from the state.  filled that out, and got it notarized, and sent it back.  and yup, in a few weeks, a check showed up. i never did figure out what it was from (obviously related to the house closing), but it would have been exceptionally easy for whoever had the money to find us, if they ever bothered to look. instead, nj used our money interest free for a decade! and i almost had a shopping story today.  had to take my daughter over to the mall late in the afternoon to get a graduation dress (for her, not me!)  and we planned to stop at the volvo dealer, alas, it got too late, and the traffic at rush hour is nasty over that way, so we will have to do it some other time. is a group of several states that share their information on unclaimed funds. otherwise, check each state in which you lived or did business for unclaimed funds. the last 2 cars i sold myself, i wasn't actually actively selling. in 2003 my fleet consisted of a '78 olds delta 88 4-door, a '79 buick electra 225 park avenue, and my '68 cutlass. yes, in 2003. i'll leave the cutlass out of this as it is a hobby car. for years when i lived and worked downtown, it was the only car i had. i walked most everywhere i needed to go. when i bought a house away from downtown in 1997, i needed a beater, and wanted a rear-drive car, preferably an olds since i was familiar with the engine. the '78 delta i found had a rocket 350, was in reasonable shape, and was cheap - $2000. after i got it i found, of course, that it wasn't as good as i thought, and i went on a project for a few years upgrading it inside and out, though mechanically it was really pretty good. by the time 2002 came along, it was more than presentable and not bad at all for a car approaching 25 years of age. it was a good runner too, as these cars tended to be. in the fall of 2001 the buick presented itself, a total creampuff owned by an elderly gent who had given up the little driving he did, and it was a steal. i had to buy it. so now i owned 2 boats. i had the old fellow store the buick in his condo garage over the winter because i didn't want to drive it in the slop. in march, two things happened. he started bugging me to get it out of his garage, so i reluctantly parked it in my driveway and the olds went to the curb outside my house. about a week later, we had a big ice storm. i remember hearing a big noise outside that saturday morning, looked out the window, and saw a massive section of a maple tree that was next to the street, laying in the street, next to the olds. i got dressed and went out to look at it. the fallen section was big enough that it was blocking the entire street. when it gave way, it raked the drivers side of the olds pretty good, mashing the front fender, ripping off the door mirror, and doing some other assorted damage. it was a city tree, and after some wrangling with them, their insurance company agreed to go good for the repair. i found a similar car in a junkyard, got the necessary repair parts for short money, and came out about $1000 ahead on the insurance claim. so after it was repaired, it looked better than ever, with fresh paint on the drivers side of the car, but it wasn't getting much use since i was driving the buick. one day a knock comes at my door and there is a guy there wanting to know if that was my delta 88 and was i interested in selling it. he wanted it and i sold it for more than i paid originally. about a year later a similar thing happened. i was outside and a car pulls up. the guy gets out, wants to see the buick and after looking it over asks if i wanted to sell it. i did, and flipped it to him for a grand more than i had paid. he then went and had it professionally repainted, did some other small cosmetic things (it needed very little) and drove it for a while. i still see it occasionally around town, though he has sold it subsequently. it was nice to not have to work to sell two old tuna boats! i am reading the online version and i'm confused by the title for an article in the cincinnati enquirer this morning maybe i need another mug of coffee. wait, this discussion is limited to buying and selling cars?!?!  no razors, washing machines, air conditioners, etc?  i am outta here. i made an offer on a house last night...er, on topic, it has a two car garage and i only have one car at the moment. on the way to lunch with the realtor, we passed by a brgish used miata with a tan top. if we were already living here (las cruces), i would have grabbed the phone number. have seen a dozen or so convertibles in the last couple of days but only two had the tops down. congrats on the (potential) new house! was it perhaps too hot to have the tops down on the convertibles? <b>  an exotic purchase may be coming soon </b> in an earlier post i mentioned that i was considering ordering a used car directly from japan for my caribbean home. i am using a local broker and he sent me the below link. i went through the website and this white 1999 automatic, two-door, 4wd model caught my eye. it looks clean inside and out, especially the headlights. the mileage at 60,800 miles seems very reasonable.  price, including cost, insurance, and freight (cif) us$ 4,600. like *driver100, i want to have my own wheels rather than spend $70.00 a day on rentals. it's a risk but one i am willing to take. any thoughts? looks nice enough. and not all that pricey. nothing to buy that's already on the island? yes, but it would be twice as expensive. interesting to note, while we were in bermuda last week (absolutely beautiful place, with wonderful people living there, btw), i struck up a conversation with a person on the water taxi who has lived in bermuda all his life. he said they don't have a personal income tax on the island.  but, just as a "for example", if you bought a new car, you pay 130% of the u.s. retail.  hmmmn...no wonder everyone drives mopeds/scooters and teeny cars there. it's more than that - it's a 150% tax and each household is allowed to own only 1 car.  there's also an annual road tax based on the vehicle size that ranges from $250 to $1600 a year.  the goal of course is to reduce congestion.  it's a tiny island. been there 3 times. you really don't need a car. &gt; the salesperson i dealt with at bmw said that the back-end money goes to the owner at year end, but it doesn't make it way down to the sales team. is that correct? in order to sell the car at invoice, he wanted to make sure i give them all 10s in the survey, which i guess helps them with some bonuses? and also the gm wanted to make sure i name our next child or grandchild after him we had no problem whatsoever getting around on their public busses and water taxis.  i can see where no car is needed....maybe the scooters would be a nice convenience. i actually spoke to one of the residents who was running a jewelry shop (all hand designed) in st george.  she said she was looking to move.  as she put it, it is a tiny island, and everyone knows everyone else's business, to the point of intrusion. replying how i was shocked anyone would like to move from such a great place, the artist told me it was a scene out of "twilight zone" for her.....where she felt imprisoned by the island's "tiny-ness", regardless of its great beauty. moral of the story.....never assume paradise is as beautiful to live in as it is to look at. gg  i, too, was quite enamored of bermuda.  had similar intersting conversations with the manager of a small art gallery in the hamilton princess hotel.  walked everywhere local in southampton and used the free water shuttle between the southampton and hamilton princess. i liked the odd (to me) assortment of small cars, the iirc, the pugeout hard top convertibles.  or maybe renaults?  mostly, the relaxed atmosphere (when not in a taxi/van!), beautiful warm water and, as you noted, equally warm people. ld...saw the peugot covertible.  also interesting, saw modern mgs/rovers there, too.  surprised there were no "smart" cars, though. found out they had a shortage of teachers (which peaked my wife's interest) and pharmacists.  ordinarily, they fill positions as much as possible with the natives.  but, as their saying goes there, the biggest bermudean exports are people anr rum.  so, there are opportunities for both.  unless yoiu're of bermudan ancestry, you can't own land.  and, as one south african pharmicist told us, she could have her work visa withdrawn at any time if things change.  but, she's been there 5 years, so far. we'll go back...probably sooner rather than later. gee, it's only been in the high 90s and cloudless. don't know why the vert owners don't have the tops down. wasn't even any dust blowing around. my claim to fame on this new site will be the fact that i arrived here all by myself and even bookmarked it successfully.  as most of you know, this is quite a feat for me! one feature that i like very much is that i now get those email alerts that new posts are on the site.  we had that nice feature under the older system. richard i had similar converstaions regarding ownership.  as well as the relatively new concept of a measurable unemployment rate and the import of foreign workers.  and, of course, wealth! i hope to go back, with someone with whom i can share the experience... congratulations. glad to see you're here. back in the 70s all the cars in bermuda where british.  that was cool seeing them. most never  made it over here. last year, my wife found a job posting for executive director of early childhood programs for bermuda. three year contract, paying something like $130k per year. we talked about it for, oh, about an hour before she decided she couldn't leave her dogs behind for that long. since my work is on-line, i could have easily made the transition and worked from "home" there. although, i'm sure there would have been many distractions. speaking of rum, i still have a few bottles each of light and dark goslings 151 rum in the basement. from my honeymoon.  so quite aged at this point.  that is some powerful stuff.  rum swizzles that will burn your nose hairs. just a quick  thought from the uk.  remember, buying isn't as expensive as you first think, you will be able to sell your car one day too.  also, it is nice to drive a car you actually like.  go for it! btw....this using a tablet with british internet is almost impossible. yes, good work getting here richard. i also have trouble remembering the title of the new site.  i have to try to find it and bookmark it on 4 computers including this tablet....w n inch is a real challenge. btw....bermuda is beautiful.  i believe they produce electricity from using generators that are in the ocean....work off ocean currents.  sounds like quite a system. be real careful of avoiding any car from the fukushima area.  the "glow" on the paint may not mean a great wax job. unfortunately, that never got off the ground.  the company that proposed it was based in my town and it's founder is a prolific inventor.  but commercialization wasn't fruitful so the technology isn't being developed. bermuda relies on diesel generators powered by imported oil.  solar is starting to become a popular option as electricity is very expensive. but think of the wear and tear on your car delivering pizzas to the mainland. what am i missing?  who would spend that kind of money for a car with that milage...even a honda? not to mention that the seller is a dealer posting in the "by owner" section. it's a stick.  so of course worth more! what can i say.  honda's get crazy money, even with lots of miles.  that one probably has a lot of life left in it too.  at least you don't have to worry about the at crapping out on you. no one shies away from big mile hondas! michaell...that had to be a tough decision.   any particular reason you couldn't take the dogs with you? stick...did a rum cruise while in bermuda...sponsored bpy goslings.  that 151 put us back in our cruise cabin early. we didn't look into it that closely ... and my wife was looking or a "smaller" job at the time, not a bigger one , missed your reply earlier - we hit the art museum today and enjoyed a "small paintings" from cheech marin's collection. we're heading back to the up tomorrow, having enjoyed a nice spell of "mild" weather here this week - don't think it got over 95. the ac on the '09 grand caravan we picked up a few weeks back is blowing nice and cold at 125k. in an earlier post i mentioned that i was considering ordering a used car directly from japan for my caribbean home. i am using a local broker and he sent me the below link. i went through the website and this white 1999 automatic, two-door, 4wd model caught my eye. it looks clean inside and out, especially the headlights. the mileage at 60,800 miles seems very reasonable. price, including cost, insurance, and freight (cif) us$ 4,600. like *driver100, i want to have my own wheels rather than spend $70.00 a day on rentals. it's a risk but one i am willing to take. any thoughts? excellent point but how does one verify that the car is not from that area? i believe the japanese government had placed a moratorium on the movement of people and property from the fukushima area to prevent such incidents. nonetheless, the price, appearance and mileage is extremely attractive to me, though one of my daughter's is dismayed that i would consider buying a 15 year old vehicle. michaell....we spoke about what it would take to pack up and move to bermuda (not very seriously).  sell my house.  packup and move belongings/cars, etc 1200 miles to bermuda.  find a place to rent (not alowed to buy).  i can't even fathom what it would cost to move that much, that distance, over water. the wife could teach.  me?  not sure if i could do what i do there.  it certainly would mean a lot more traveling for me, if i could even swing it.  i told her i could set up a little shop over by the dockyards or in hamilton to sell internet service, water, etc.  i know there is a wifi provider by the cruise ship docks.  but, it's not very far reaching and pretty darn slow.  i know i could do better.  plus, selling refreshments and souvenirs sounds like a low stress job for me (something i'd welcome). hmmmmm????????  i wonder!!!!!!!!!!!! like your daughter, i,too, am a little dismayed that you would purchase a 15 year old car sight unseen from overseas.  i don't wish to dampen your buying spirit, but age is age.  though the appearance and mileage seem attractive, i would have to wonder about all of the inner workings and hidden parts.  what do you know at this point about the transmission, braking system, ac/heat system, undercarriage rust, etc.  another factor is that you can't run down to see the dealer if there is a major problem with your purchase.  i could be wrong, but i think that you are a bit unsure yourself.  remember---if in doubt, don't act.  best wishes with this decision. richard while you are wondering, i'll help you out a little on shipping your personal belongings.  one car will be around $2,000 to $3,000 and, depending on poundage, expect to pay a minimum of $5,000 for a small house load.  with furniture, it's often better to purchase new when you arrive in the country.  you can sell it to an x-pat if you decide to come home.  same with the car.  american cars are often sought after to use as taxies.  personally, i would ship nothing and keep my home here, at least for 2 or 3 years.  if you decide to stay forever, you can sell your home here later.  during the interim, you can rent your home here or just put a monitor on it and watch it from bermuda.  rent in bermuda won't be cheap. teaching school there will be different.  moving to another country is a major decision---requires much thought and preparation. richard all excellent advice. in our brief discussion, we figured we'd keep everything we have in colorado - daughter would continue to live in it - and rent what we needed in bermuda. given that the wife's new salary would have been almost 3x what she was making at the time, we could have afforded a 1 or 2 bedroom place there. i was fascinated with the choice in cars - lots of things not available in the us. though i suspect that a scooter would suffice for a majority of the transportation needs. richard and micheall....just day dreaming.  that would be a huge lifestyle change.  not that it would be a bad one.  but, i'm pretty tied to the lifestyle and geographic area i live in now. if i were in my 20s?  maybe even 30s?  no wife?  i could see myself chucking it all here and making that move, though. besides, i would own the biggest car on the island, as well as the most unique.  don't recall seeing any acura tls there. in the past i've given some serious thought to movign to puerto rico....u.s. holding, tropical climate, cosmopolitan area. when i was talking about that, friends asked why i just didn't move to florida. no offense to mike, but florida just doesn't "do it" for me. richard, you are indeed a wise man. to use *driver's banished word, i have a dilemma. my local agent suggested a 2002 rav4 with 35,000 miles for us $7,300 cif. (japanese cars tend to be low mileage because of limited opportunities for long-distance driving). the killer (pardon the pun) of this deal is the additional local governmental charges in st. lucia that tacks another us $12,000 for customs duties, vat taxes and an environmental tax for vehicles over 5 years old. that's a total cost of almost us $20,000 for a 12-year old car. wintering in the caribbean is great but it can be an expensive proposition. oh, the price we pay for love (wife). i'd look a lot closer at p.r. before making the move. the economy sucks and crime is at an all time high. &gt; what!  you don't like high humidity &amp; heat, mixed with bugs in huge numbers?  to say nothing of the industrial-grade old folks, with their driving "anomailes." imagine. i really do like jacksonville---beautiful city, very clean, very friendly, and easy to navigate.  weather---not too hot and not too cool.  my sister and bil have a lovely third home in port st. lucie, but i'm not attracted to that area, though vero beach is nice for eating and shopping.  btw, bil has passed his six month survival mark by two weeks.  i think that he's trying to hold out for the children who arrive from dubai next wednesday.  only 5 more days and we'll pray for each one of those. richard here's hoping it all works out and that your bil can see the kids one more time. that post already got flagged and removed. well, someone (don't remember who) posted a cl ad about some dealer was posing as a private seller.  when i clicked on the link provided there was a message from cl saying that ad had been flagged and deleted. now, it appears the post i had responded to was also deleted. i'm not going nuts....really! now, it appears the post i had responded to was also deleted. not so. isell's was commenting on the my post where i wondered why someone would pay close to $6k for a honda with 190,000 miles.  the cl ad i posted was indeed flagged and removed no doubt because it was recognized as a dealer posting in the "by owner" section. many small dealers are too cheap to pay the $5 craigslist charges for "by dealer" listings.  personally i don't trust such a dealer because first of all, if they're too cheap to spend 5 bucks how much are they spending to recondition the car.  also it just seem dishonest for a dealer to misrepresent themselves as a private seller. my original post is still there. it's an either/or. my guess, it decides which one is going to be sooner every time the routine runs, and that is what gets displayed. maybe you are right on the border where it is going to be close whether you hit miles or time sooner? great but you misnamed it, it should be "the forum about buying and selling cars where we talk about everything buy buying and selling cars." several years ago i did that and found out the state had something of mine. i filled out the paperwork and sent in the proper paperwork and got a check for a whopping $0.35. turns out that i got one last dividend check from the one share of at&amp;t stock i had gotten from my aunt before i dumped it that never got to me. it can be too hot to have the top down? i don't believe it. a few years ago my sister would have been all over that. she was a rural route carrier for the post office and would have loved to have gotten another right hand drive truck. or they could do what mackinac island did and outright ban motorized vehicles. next month we are taking a long weekend and going up there with our bikes to tour the island. hate to tell you this but once a spirit is bottled it stops aging. we keep talking about going over there before we move from the up in a couple of months. and we do drive right by the ferry docks when we go visit family in tn and va that way (we're above da bridge). but, we didn't make it to isle royale either. once we move to nm, the plan was to buy a new downsized car, but the used van we just got is working out well so far. so who knows. oh i am very well aware of that, but of late if we didn't talk about other things the forum we would be a long way from 100k posts on sftsf forum. well, i guess it's proof that they can go the distance but would you buy it? i am inclined to agree with with *stickguy; its miles or days which ever comes first. this leads to another question, why mb does not alert you by email as gm does with onstar? the onstar report shows the status for a number of engine functions including telematics and tire pressure. speaking of service, i read the buick encore 24-month "free service" a little closer. it says  a maximum of four free services in the 2-year period and it does not include air filters. nice marketing gimmick that basically boils down to a few oil changes. and tire rotations farmer, the i6 is extremely durable engine.  if you are willing to maintain the car ($$) right, no reason it can't go that far.  just have to replace the various valves and sensors (commonly known failure points) as needed, and keep up with fluids. that particular car?  pass, with the body damage. durable engine or not it is still 15 years old with nearly 200k miles on it. that makes it a crap shoot regardless of the price, to much of a possibility that it would be a rolling money pit. cheerio from the ferrie from wales to ireland...4 hours! wi fi is on and off and days are long.  i'll have to catch up when i get back...mon june 30. richard i saw the post with your student who had a sign...10 items or fewer.  probably the only grammatically correct supermarket in the usa! i think that i have spoken too soon.  i mentioned that i was happy to be receiving an email alert when people post on this forum.  now i am receiving an email alert for every single post!  this could turn into a nightmare on a busy day for my inbox.  is this happening to anyone else?  my question is this can my account be alerted once a day like it used to be and, if not, how do i turn off the email alert for this site?  i could just use my bookmark once or twice a day to check on posts here.  help! richard i turned off the notifications.  there were i believe different options (all new posts, replay to my post) but i don't need the emails.  i just check in and see what is in the bookmarks. richard, i leave this site up 24 hrs along with a few others so that when i hit refresh, it goes to where i left off and i just scroll down. you don't need an email stating there are new posts...there will always be new posts. (especially when driver gets back from his vacation). i mentioned that i was happy to be receiving an email alert when people post on this forum. this is the page you need. uncheck some of the notification boxes. to get there, click on your username in the box at the right on every page. then click on "edit profile" then click on "notification preferences." then uncheck the types of notication you don't want. these are the ones i have checked as long as you have clicked on the star at the top of "buying and selling cars..." and it is yellow, this topic will show up in the your bookmarked list just like the "stories from the sales frontlines" used to do (still does). thanks guys!  what a help you are to a friend in need.  i bragged too soon as well.  i may have gotten here by myself and bookmarked the site correctly, but, as you can see, i still needed my poster buddies to get me straight.  thanks again! richard heck yes it can be too hot to have the top down! it can be bad enough around here where 80 degrees is a heat wave but try driving top down in phoenix in august!  you won't have that top down for long! i like the mornings and late afternoons the best but not when the sun is beating down on my head! wow, there must be a huge gap between invoice and msrp on toyotas or a ton of trunk money!  hondas never had that kind of room! it's funny.  people say they don't want to dicker that they just want a great price so they go through costco, autobytel, tru-value and the many others that have come and gone. so, we comply with their wishes.  " here is the msrp, here is our invoice and here is your costco price"  i can count the times on three fingers when they would say " wow, that's a great stress free way to buy a car...i'll take it, craig" nope, instead i would hear.." that sounds high...can't you do better"  at that point i was in dangerous territory.  i had given them a price to go shop all over the state. instead, i would say " if you have another number in mind and are committed to buy the car and drive it home today, i'll write that number down and run it by my boss" if they wouldn't do that i would say.." according to costco's rules that number is the most i can charge you...if you plan to shop my number at least give me the chance to respond...i'm not going to lose your business over a few dollars" " i'll be back" " don't count the be-backs, count the greenbacks"! the question is why? edmunds shows $1000 to customer if they don't take any reduced rate financing. so there must be quite a bit of hidden factory to dealer money as the end of the model year approaches. why is he buying the stripper base camry? local screamer dealer is offering $4000 off on all 2014 vw gtis.  is that good? not a vw guy but that sounds like a lot. i like the part where it says "notify me when people write on my wall" i'd like the police notified. a base stirippo tan camry is the perfect old persons car.  heck, they all get driven that way anyway. there are some serious deals on those i see advertised, so i can believe that deal.  if my daughter actually needed a car to take (far) away to college in a few months, a cheap lease on one of those would probably be the winner (or an altima). would not be surprised.  the 2015s are on the ground (i saw 2 of them thursday at the dealer, and they are very nice, and imo a big improvement), so the 14's are day old bread at this point.  still, they don't tend to have that many in stock, so a bit surprising they are knocking off that much (unless of course they are working off a dealer addendum sticker to cook the books). i should probably add vw dealers to the list of places i better stay away from. invoice pricing doesn't mean what it used to. "automakers have fattened dealers' "invoice" or wholesale price so it looks as if they're paying a lot more than they used to — perhaps 95% of the retail sticker price, vs. 85% before internet car shopping began in the mid-1990s." (usa today) "the one he sold to the guy in the next building was a base 2008 camry with 17,000 miles on it. the guy gave him $9500 for it." that guy standing outside your gate waiting for the next 80 year old to sell at 17,000 miles is me. mike, you are so right.  one of my wife's friends died last year.  a week later, her two children had sold both cars and the house was completely empty with a "for sale" sign out front.  i couldn't work that fast if i did it to myself! btw, you are so nice to help the elderly in your community to buy their new cars.  i'm sure that they appreciate it very much.  i need you here with me because i'm out and about on the lots now.  plan to purchase within the next 30 days.  as usual, i'm trying to use all of the lessons that i have learned on this site over the years. richard so richard, what are the prime contenders at this point? and i enjoyed watching the open last week and seeing shots of pinehurst.  looked like a beautiful town.  but probably horrible to be there during a major tournament. that's what i have been saying all along, that so-called "invoice" price is as phony as a three dollar bill. how can a company sell a product with a 5% or 15% gross margin and expect to survive? it cannot be done. the historical average gross margin for all american companies is about 40%, so what makes auto dealerships any different? a good example of that is to look at how the auto dealer service department price their services. the labor rate includes a base price plus a built in profit margin as well as an additional amount to cover overhead. the same formula is used for parts. the mark-up on parts includes an amount to cover both overhead and a built in profit margin. by extension, if we apply this pricing formula to the sale of the car itself we can see that invoice is quite meaningless. even the so-called experts, according to usa today, said they didn't know what invoice is/was, yet they continue to publish this dribble. what has occurred is that the companies have insulated themselves from transparency in the pricing. they reacted to the publication of their invoice price and the other cost factors by developing other systems which the public has no ability to collect information about. lack of transparency. and they have good lobby systems. here in ohio, the law is written that allows dealers to collect a document fee, up to $250, on time contracts (loans). however, the dealers use that as a mandatory doc fee always at the maxiumum. they already have it printed on their contract. so someone paying cash doesn't need to pay any of it. but they get irritable when someone points out that deficiency and they start babbling about how they could be sued if they charge someone a different fee than someone else is charged. but that fee puts them in charge and mandates the buyer's having to work down from that rather than the dealer having work up to gleen that extra profit. here in ohio, the dealers are even trying to block tesla from using storefronts to sell rather than dealership buildings. can't have cars being sold through stores like walmart or cvs, can we. tesla has 3 stores iirc. i can just see all the lobby money going to the legislators. my state representative will not respond to questions about the document fee and the tesla sales model and the dealer lobbying. almost like the irs. no wonder the stores can sell at invoice or below and build the new shiny showrooms they have and all the highly paid suits walking around while sales bots work their butts off. the gm stores have been improving their stores for 5 years or more, replacing or remodeling to get to white tile on the floor and a clean appearance. well, look at it the other way,  no other industry even publishes the dribble.  so take what you can get!  but since it is common knowledge that the published #s are more of a "show me" trick, just shop for the lowest actual price (which is the bottom line that matters).  what the manufacturer is doing behind the scenes to support the dealer (keep the metal moving) is up to them. supply/demand and competition is still the driving force behind pricing. also, we always hear that new car sales is somewhat of a loss leader to get you into the dealership.  other stuff (used cars, parts, service, f&amp;i) is where the real money is made, and you need the new car sales to front for all that. do i interpret correctly what you've said to be that dealer invoice is a higher number because it includes money that eventually may be paid back to the dealer, holdback, trunk money, dealer incentives? the factory invoice number is a lower value where all the holdback and other incentives to be paid to dealer have been subtracted? and the edmunds number is really the lower of these two? that's one of the reasons i'd like to live in florida.  so many pristine low milage cars that received easy use. "...mike, you are so right. one of my wife's friends died last year. a week later, her two children had sold both cars and the house was completely empty with a "for sale" sign out front. i couldn't work that fast if i did it to myself!..." when my mother died it took me two months to get her apartment emptied out...and she didn't have a car.  they must have taken a beating on the sale price of the cars to move them so quick. how would you get the title switched that fast? i wonder if they just went to a dealer and took the first offer. my mil died a few months back and the estate is moving slowly. but there is a line of buyers for her '03 buick. the executor may have to go the sealed bid route to avoid making half the town mad (it's a small town). i'm not even sure the dealer owner knows the cost of a particular car until the books get closed at the end of the month or quarter. but having "invoice" price at least gives you a starting place to begin negotiations - $1,000 off invoice makes more sense to me than saying you want $3,000 off msrp. we're negotiating house buying right now and we're not head over heels in love with any house and there's no hurry moving, so we're in the driver's seat a little bit. but one seller is a bank with little interest in compromising and the other seller is our age and doesn't care if we buy his house or not. i think that means someone else is going to overpay, but i've overpaid before for the "right" house. over time, it's really not about the money. i thought banks didn't like having houses on their books and preferred to have cash? i would have thought they would be eager to compromise. if a person buys a house or a car for that matter and is happy with the transaction,, they didn't "overpay". but there is a line of buyers for her '03 buick. the executor may have to go the sealed bid route to avoid making half the town mad (it's a small town). i can see why they'd want to get a good deal on a 2003 buick. mine has been good. , you'd think so wouldn't you? but you're dealing with a "bureaucracy" not a motivated seller. they countered and we've had longer buyer's remorse than usual, so we're going to keep looking. , exactly. we begged our landlady to sell for six months, and paid $5,000 over appraisal in '84 on a modest home in anchorage (great neighborhood though), and financed it at 13%. we were underwater for 7 seven out of the 15 years we lived there and we broke even when we moved. it was perfect for us at that time in in our life and we never lost a bit of sleep over owning it. it's not the amount they paid that makes a buyer happy...it's knowing he got it for 1 dollar less than the last guy. here in ohio, the dealers are even trying to block tesla from using storefronts to sell rather than dealership buildings. can't have cars being sold through stores like walmart or cvs, can we. tesla has 3 stores iirc. i can just see all the lobby money going to the legislators. my state representative will not respond to questions about the document fee and the tesla sales model and the dealer lobbying. almost like the irs. no wonder the stores can sell at invoice or below and build the new shiny  they have and all the highly paid suits walking around while sales bots work their butts off. the gm stores have been improving their stores for 5 years or more, replacing or remodeling to get to white tile on the floor and a clean appearance. imid....well put.  i don't force any dealer to sell to me without a doc fee, as the last few cars i've purchased have been cash transactions.  of course, they eventually drop the fees when i don't include them in my offers, but not before some level of histrionics posed by the dealers. most dealers will go below invoice with little prodding.  that tells us all we need to know about "unknown trunk money" being prevalent in most new car transactions. as we were told, the funeral was on sunday with an estate sale set for the next saturday which included the mb and the accord.  at the end of the day all had disappeared.  the house itself is in a court battle.  the house was left to the statue of  liberty foundation.  the two children contested, so the house just sits there.  personally, i hope the foundation wins the case.  those two children are what i would refer to as "pluckers of pockets" and "pursuers of the purses".  i'm being nice because we are on a family channel here. richard why should car dealers be "transparent"? why should car buyers know exactly what a dealer paid for a car? if you buy a new camera, jewelry or construction material, you don't know this nor should you. when i buy something i don't care what the store paid for it.  i only care if that item represents what i think is value for my dollars spent. car dealers are fed up with invoice buyers and it sounds like the manufactures are finding ways to build some back door profit into the cars they are building. good for them!  a merchant has to make a profit in order to pay overhead and stay in business. you watched the open and you didn't see me? we had tickets for one day so we drove over.  we saw the first hole in person, watched the remainder on the clubhouse tv with food and drink, and then went outside the back door to watch the 18th hole in person.  it's the lazy man's way, but my wife and i can't take that heat and humidity now that we are older.  believe me, you don't want to live there during an open.  we lived in pinehurst during the last open and it was the nightmare from hell.  no way we could eat in a restaurant or get into a grocery store for two weeks.  they even closed the road to our housing development and routed us out the rear entrance which meant driving five miles out of the way to get back where you intended to go. some people rent their homes to news crews for $10,000 a week and go on vacation until the open has ended.  there is a downside to that you often come home to a trashed house and have to file an insurance claim for damage repairs.  those news guys will throw a party or two.  we got a couple of offers because our house was one mile from the airport.  we had formed a pact with our neighbors----no takers in our neighborhood. prime contenders at this point?  ford f150 crew cab xlt, chevy 1500 silverado, honda pilot, jeep grand cherokee, and caddy cts.   wife has relented on the pick up truck which thrills me to no end.  i've wanted a truck for years.  color choices for the trucks are ruby red metallic or oxford white.  interior colors---cocoa tan or alabaster gray.  it's fun looking right now.  will keep you posted. richard the new silverado is nice but i like the gmc sierra even better. well stated. i used to love it when a used car buyer would get so frustrated when they knew they had no idea what we had paid for the car they were looking at. some people just couldn't bear the thought that we might be making more profit then they thought was "fair".  fair to some people meant a 200.00 profit on a 20,000 car. "...why should car buyers know exactly what a dealer paid for a car? if you buy a new camera, jewelry or construction material, you don't know this nor should you." well, maybe because you're spending $30-$40 thousand instead of $3-$4 hundred. ford f150 crew cab xlt.  richard, all of your choices have merit. i have done a lot of research on the f-150 in all of it's levels. xl and xlt are base levels. lariat is when they get a lot of goodies. then once you drive a platinum you won't want to see another xlt. limited is over the top. platinum has the retractable step which i found to be perfect. also the 2015s are supposed to be all aluminum. no rust ever and 400 pounds lighter. the ecoboost engine has only been out since 2011 and i've heard nothing but good about it except it costs abut $4k more. i like the tried and true 302 engine (5.0 litre). 4 hour ferrie ride from wales to ireland. saw the best car name yet........i saw a vw   up! even has the exclamation point in the name. the galaxy 10 is useless for this...i can't copy and paste. also touchscreen is going to make me insane. trying to get on google or anything is next to impossible. writing emails on gmail could also be very frustrating. since the site has a new name i think you guys are trying to set a new record by matching sales frontlines. now in dublin ireland.....headed for belfast.  hip hip cheerio and all that. but....you don't bargain for your refrigerator. the dealers set up their showrooms like a turkish rug market, so they can't have it both ways here. if new cars had a bar code that the dealer scanned as you cashed out, then they wouldn't get so aggravated. that all aluminum body would come in handy in my area but i understand the frame is still steel. i heard it's 700 pounds lighter which would be astounding. is the 5.0l the same coyote engine they put in the mustang gt?  that would make for one screaming truck. shifty, heck yeah you can deal on your fridge.  any electronics or appliances are fair game.  not quite as commonplace as with a car, but not at all unexpected. richard, i have an irrational impulse to get a pu again.  i actually had one many years ago (early 90s).  when we bought our first single family house, i splurged on a 1991 nissan extended cab pu.  rwd, 4 cyl, 5 speed stick.  burgandy.  i really liked that truck.  even after i hit a deer with it!  came in very handy.  bought a used dr set (saved a bundle) along with a bunch of other stuff. sadly, only had it for about a year, because my son came along, and you could not put a car seat in the sideways facing jump seats. for you, the new chevy/gmc looks like a really nice unit.  but that vs. the ford is certainly a matter of personal taste.  too big for me though. i've haggled at nordstrom's and do it at motels all the time. just have to ask the right person and no worries if the answer is no. years ago i knew a site that would tell you what a builder was paying to build a house, so you could get an idea of the materials and labor cost and figure how much profit the builder was making. from the  our tmv pricing system estimates a vehicle’s average transaction price, not its “out the door” cost. therefore, tmv prices do take into account any incentives and fees that may affect the transaction price, including •manufacturer-to-dealer incentives (i.e. dealer cash) •destination charges •advertising fees (when applicable) however, tmv prices do not include the following incentives and fees that are typically applied after a transaction price has been determined •manufacturer-to-consumer rebates (i.e. cash rebates) •sales tax •license/registration fees •dealer title/documentation (“doc”) fees is the 5.0l the same coyote engine they put in the mustang gt? that would make for one screaming truck. farmer, no. it's a regular 5.0 that costs around $2-3k. the coyote is priced in the $8k range and is a totally different engine. however you can still get a used lightning. busy time here last sunday - father's day - i coached my lacrosse team in 3 games in one morning.  the girls played great and it was a great end to the season. last weekened - father's day weekend - my son ran in the new balance outdoor nationals in greensboro, nc as part of a distance medley relay team.  they took 9th place overall, set a new school record and my son set a personal record in the 800 m portion.  two other boys were all americans - one in the 5k setting a school record and another in the 1 mile race walk also setting a school record. this week - my daughter is finishing middle school and had so many activities and "graduation" on monday. this past saturday was my son's eagle scout court of honor.  he and another boy combined their ceremonies.  my son was given a commendation from our town naming yesterday "son of robr" day!!  it was pretty funny. next week - focus on work and try to make some money. i do like the lariat with the extra goodies though it cost quite a bit more.  i found some xlts with rear camera, wood trim, etc. that are nicely priced---about $8k off sticker.  i'm mot going with the 4x4 because the truck will never leave pavement under my ownership.  i saw a really nice chevy 1500 that i liked, plus i know the dealer and his son personally.  i'm thinking that they would give me a really good deal.  still, there is just something about the design of the f150 that i like a little bit more.  i'm finding the car web sites very interesting---some easy to navigate, others not so easy.  as a dealer trying to attract customers, i would want a user friendly web site. richard while i have never been in phoenix i have been in arizona and nevada in august with triple digit heat with the top down. ok arizona was with a hard top but the a/c was off and the windows open, but nevada was 100+ heat with a top down. i have also been in triple digit temps with high humidity with the top down. fact is i never use a/c unless the wife is with me or its really hot and it's raining. it would be, i lived a few miles from medinah country club back one time when they hosted the us open. that was an absolute nightmare, traffic would grind to a halt anywhere near that place. then why cant they be sued for charging a different price on a car? or is that putting to much logic into the argument. can't be consumer friendly can we? not only that but wally world is not adding mop and glow, fabric protection and pin stripping on that camera and charging you a fee to buy there (doc fee). imid, that is perfect&gt; then <strong>  why cant they be sued for charging a different price on a car </strong> ? or is that putting to much logic into the argument. that's pretty much a summation of the root problem people have with car dealers. you guys may be forgetting all the state legal protections the car dealer's get through their dealer's association political campaign contributions. i posted this on the buick encore forum but i thought i'd share it on this thread as well. •   the encore appears small in pictures but the interior is very comfortable for four adults. at 6 feet tall and 248 pounds, i have no problem fitting in the driver's and front passenger's seat. i thought i would be compromised in the back seat but there is plenty of head, leg and knee room. •   the sunroof is small and feels like a hole in the roof. a panoramic moon roof would be more desirable. •   i drove the encore under different road conditions. on the highway, it was silky smooth and quiet, maintaining speeds of 65 mph without the buzzing i would have expected in a 4-cylinder engine. in city driving the encore actually felt very quick because of its low end torque orientation. at times it felt like a spritely sports sedan rather than a suv. •   on roads with portholes and imperfections you could feel the jolts and hear the thumps. compared to my lacrosse it felt harsh and unrefined. blame that on its short wheel base of 100 inches and 18-inch tires •   front visibility is quite good but not so for rear visibility. this weakness is mitigated somewhat by the back-up camera. but without directional and distance grid lines the camera is not as not as effective as it should. a major demerit for gm. •   we had a major concern whether the tiny 1.3 liter 138 hp engine could climb steep hills without petering out but the encore handled those hills (with the ac on full blast to boot) with aplomb. •   two areas of concern--the steering felt soft and the breaks a little mushy. i did not like the feel of either. they were just too soft for me but my wife thinks they are just right. since she is the primary driver i have no quarrel with her assessment. •   the gas mileage is very good. after a week's worth of driving (not sure how many miles) the tank is still 1/3 full. •   the technology on this baby buick is amazing---back-up camera, blind side detection, front and rear parking sensors and intellilink. the intellilink looks a little intimidating but all major functions can be activated by voice control. in terms of the weather and traffic navigation, we were not sure whether the signal came from sirius/xm or from gm's intellilink. (does anybody know?) •   one final comment. while the encore is pricey, its interior refinement is very upscale (especially the saddle leather) and it addresses very well the interests of one of its target demographic, the empty nester. richard....i've always liked f150s.  last pickup i bought was a good long while ago, and was a toyota tacoma.  drove in a friend's f150 at the time, and immidieately knew i should have bought the ford instead. there's a reason that it's been one of the top selling vehicles, across the board, for such a very long time.  ford puts a lot of engineering and thought into the f150s, and it shows.  the fact that you can get a nice one for $8k off....pretty compelling! , apparently the rh in places like phoenix has gone up over the last several decades due to all the grass getting watered in the 'burbs and on those golf courses. my nose still takes a week to acclimate out there. boise was pretty ideal for a convertible, only had a few weeks out of the year where the temps would hang around 105°f. got home to the up yesterday afternoon; first dry day in a week the neighbors said. got the grass mowed and even after that exercise, i had to go in and turn on the furnace since the house was 63°. drizzle and fog right now. so, miata's have strong acs, right? , re the backup camera, my newer used van has lots more bells and whistles than our old one, but i'd love to at least have rear parking sensors. that feature saved me in a rental buick in chicago one year when i almost backed into a pole. i see there are aftermarket sensors available. but the upside is that when someone does buy or sell something, including cars, you guys do share it here.  the rest of the conversation just keeps the discussion fresh until one of you parts with some $$. on another note, this past weekend was my s.o.'s 30-year high school reunion - mine's next year, same school.  walking in, my first thought was, "where are my school mates and what are all of these old people doing here?"  thank goodness for name tags!! good idea; just not sure how long we're keeping this ride. i have put some footman loops tie-downs in the back. lots of miles on it to be planning on driving it too many years though. right now it's mostly a moving van. we rejected the house counter today and are back in the hunt. kirstie, at this rate you will be catching up with me soon. as the old tv commercial once said, everything gets better with time. or was it "you're not getting older, you're getting better." regardless, you can't go wrong with either. my take on high school reunions is that if i wanted to be your friend, i wouldn't have waited 30 years to contact you. haggling -- sure, you can haggle on a fridge i guess, but it wouldn't be this elaborate ritual---this...this....drama....that the dealers have choreographed as elaborately as a community theater's version of the pirates of penzance. <em>  oh, better far to live and die  under the brave black flag i fly,  than play a sanctimonious part,  with a pirate head and a pirate heart.  away to the cheating world go you,  where pirates all are well to do ;  but i'll be true to the song i sing,  and live and die a pirate king.  for i am a pirate king.  you are !  hurrah for our pirate king !  and it is, it is a glorious thing  to be a pirate king. </em> this is not to say at all that all dealers are pirates, but they seem to love to play that part regardless..... <strong>  _"aye, you're a pretty one you are! come ye to my f&amp;i pirate's liar! "  _ </strong> now that the internet has been gunning for pirates, it's getting harder to play the role. dealers need a new identity. perhaps that's what the tesla flap is really all about? c'mon shifty, you know you enjoy your time in "the box"! around these parts, there is an appliance/tv store that you can "haggle".  it's hh gregg.  not sure how far they reach, though. i've never paid their "asking" price on anything....not even their sale tags. even best buy has been matching price with on line retailers recently. i research the online shopping sites, and base my "big screen tv" offer based on those prices. i view buying a car the same way.  i'll research the car.  look at stock levels.  find different ads where the same/similar car is for sale....oh...say within a 250 radius.  look at online pricing venues (edmunds, truecar, kbb, nada, etc).  then, i'll formulate my "one time" offer, including tax, tags, but never doc fees. so, mr. graphicguy, what would it take for you to leave with this refrigerator today? what monthly payment were you thinking of? do you have another refrigerator to trade in? oh, you want to offer how much? wait here, and i'll talk to the refrigerator manager. while you're waiting, why not take a look at our deluxe ice-o-matic arctic dominator? it has more features than you were looking for--you can freeze an entire cow in there--but we are having a special on this model--it's the last one (frankly i have a very interested party who is supposed to come by today, so if you want it....). i spoke to the manager, and tell you what---if you would sign up for the racing kitchen striping kit, and the titanium ice trays, and our 40 year extended warranty, we may be able to meet your price. of course, you'll have to use our financing to get that. we use the first national superior bank and aluminum siding company....just down the street.... coming soon to home depot! was at the dealer this morning for routine service on the regal turbo. no issues discovered although they tried to convince me to spend $92 for them to install a new air filter. no thanks, the neighborhood parts store has them for $17. i waited in the showroom for the car and looked around of course. they had a black silverado "foose" edition which i can't say i liked - a big black cow-catcher hoop on the front (bumper protector? ), big wheels that weren't too bad i guess, and a coal-mine black interior with perforated leather seats. the thing is huge of course. didn't see a price sticker on it. also a new cts there, black/black also, 2.0 turbo, awd, no sunroof. i sat in it and liked it although the black interior was pretty dingy and i would never buy it in that color. don't know if i'd order one of these with that engine either. they also had a black (what is it with this outfit and black vehicles?) impala ltz there, 20" wheels, v6, and nice saddle leather seats although it was mostly black inside otherwise. big car though, maybe too big for me. also a camaro v6 convertible, red with black interior again, can't see black interiors in a convertible though, too hot in the sun. to complete the black equation they had a black sonic ltz 4-door with black interior as well, nothing special. oh, and a red equinox with a black interior. they apparently order most in-stock vehicles with black interiors because they think they are easier to sell. i dunno about that. while i was sitting there an older gent came in driving a buick lucerne, not sure of the year, and started to deal on a new verano, the old fellow had done lots of online research, knew exactly what he wanted, and made them work to find the car in the color he wanted - mocha bronze with cashmere leather, no black interior for him! they went back and forth a few tines but in short order they shook hands on the deal. they are doing "employee pricing" here right now and that seemed to be the clincher for him. i was surprised by how quick it all went. yesterday i gave the regal a hand wash and detail, so i thought i'd post a pic of it from when i got home from the dealer. this was midday so the sun was directly overhead, sorry about the harshness. great analogy, shifty! point made, although they do get into the "extended warranty" game on tvs and appliances. but, you're right about dealerships today.  they seem to like playing a little "hide and seek" on whatever the final price is going to be on the car.  doc fees, tire warranty, maintenance plans, lug nut locks, etc, etc, etc. every time i hear "i have to charge the doc fee.  it's a law."  for years i've been asking them to show me the law they're referencing.  have yet to have one find it for me. what you agree to at the sales person's desk ordinarily doesn't even remotely resemble what you are actually paying for the car once you get through all the "add ons", f&amp;i, doc feel, etc.  which again, is why i make one offer only, and it's all inclusive.  i know exactly what i'm paying before i leave the sales person's desk....including tax, down to the penny. "point made, although they do get into the "extended warranty" game on tvs and appliances." that's very true. the jargon i've heard in appliance and electronics stores among salespeople vying to add extended warranties, is  "hey, did you get any cheese on that deal?" i actually bought one! we recently bought a 55 inch samsung high def television from costco.  it was funny because i couldn't find anyone to answer a question i had but when i got in line to check out, a guy came running up to me to pitch the warranty. now, i never buy extended warranties but it was so inexpensive and so comprehensive that i went for it.  it was something like 30.00 for five years. when i was a very young manager for a major retailer, "maintenance agreements" were pushed on appliances and the people that sold them were expected to maintain a certain percentage. they even sold them on vacuum cleaners and lawn mowers. richard, those full sized p.u.'s are huge. drive one and park it a few times. also check and make sure it will fit in your garage, especially if you are thinking about the double cab. that said, i recently acquired an older (2002) tacoma, 4wd, double cab p.u. that i really enjoy driving. a pick up can really come in handy. &gt; bear in mind that a lair and a liar are different, but both apply to this wonderful industry. agreed.  i have a 2013 f150, double cab (crew cab, whatever).  i work downtown, park on the 13th floor of a huge parking garage (tight spiral ramp).  the truck will fit, but it's no fun at all getting it in and out.  i actually had to replace the oem radio antenna with a shorter unit. one reason i keep my passat.  the passat eats up that spiral ramp, and slides easily into parking spaces that the truck would only sneer at. don't forget to check height as well as width and length for garage fit. friends bought a van that was too tall for their attached garage entrance. i would correct the typo but since it might be freudian, i'll leave it up. i don't think most salespeople lie--i just think they are part of this drama that we all have to go through, for some reason---this turkish rug market, one-act play merchant "you offer how much? what, do you want to steal the very food from my children's mouths?" is mostly legal it seems. all the cars i've sold have had original miles. whatever that means - every mile was original to the car at least. you paid him for what he knew, not what he did! tough to pass up at that price , vehicle warranty prices, much easier to pass on. a suggestion for further help with the kind of event you had is to search for the name and model of the modem on the net and add search terms "how to reset" or something similar. often others have put into english the methods that may be in the manuals but are totally not understandable. sometimes the manufacturer's website for that item will have faq where the very thing i need has already been explained better. just had the same problem calling kohl's department store, and they're based in wi and make a big deal of their being a caring, us company. if only the comcast tech had done it for you, although it wasn't their repeater, it needed service because of a modem failure. and if only you'd know at the beginning, it would have been good to just call in help for $40 without having clean and oil the artillery. the link  is to a discussion of documentation fees here on edmunds. $40 to have someone show up at your home and provide a service is a bargain.  where i live the basic show up fee is $100.  the actual service is extra. compared to me you and richard are it geniuses.  when i set up the wifi in my house i had to have one of my son's friends from his high school special class do it. need financing help my daughter lives in the dcmv (district of columbia, maryland and virginia) area and cannot find a lender willing to finance the purchase of a condo she can afford. she's seen several attractive condo's but because of the foreclosure rates in these developments no one is willing to go beyond the pre-approval stage. any ideas how she can get financed? she has excellent credit, no car loans and little credit card debt. unfortunately, with a condo purchase both the buyer and the building/association have to meet the lender requirements.  she is finding attractive pricing in some developments because of the high foreclosure rates which makes it more difficult to qualify the development. my suggestion  look for more stable developments. we do have a discussion. i could use some advice over there myself. here's a mini tutorial for copy/paste on android. what i meant was that the $40 seems like a lot for 5 minutes, but his knowledge allowed him to do the job in 5 minutes. i think i misinterpreted your reaction. i thought that you thought that $40 was a lot of money for 5 minutes work, so i was defending the fee because it solved the problem. you see this dilemma quite a bit in auto repair, where the experienced mechanic "beats" the flat rate by a considerable margin and still charges you the flat rate. some folks think this unfair but again, if it took him 20 years to learn enough to beat the flat rate, more power to him. of course, this presumes that he's actually doing the job he is supposed to. if he can do a 10 hour clutch job in 5, with his know-how and fancy tools, then fine. but if he fixes a leaking hydraulic line and calls it a "clutch job", that of course is dishonest. there are thousands of variations to the story but this sums it up there was an engineer who had an exceptional gift for fixing all things mechanical. after serving his company loyally for over 30 years, he happily retired. several years later his company contacted him regarding a seemingly impossible problem they were having with one of their multi-million dollar machines. they had tried everything and everyone else to get the machine fixed, but to no avail. in desperation, they called on the retired engineer who had solved so many of their problems in the past. the engineer reluctantly took the challenge. he spent a day studying the huge machine. at the end of the day he marked a small "x" in chalk on a particular component of the machine and proudly stated, "this is where your problem is." the part was replaced and the machine worked perfectly again. the company received a bill for $10,000 from the engineer for his service. they demanded an itemized accounting of his charges. the engineer responded briefly one chalk mark......................$1 knowing where to put it........$9,999 it was paid in full and the engineer retired in peace that story supposedly originated with charles steinmetz a genius electrical engineer and contemporary of thomas edison. she has an 811 fico score and only $1,100 in consumer debt. one lender told her that with her impeccable credit history she would qualify for a mortgage with only 5% down. she could put more money down if she tapped into her 401(k) but is reluctant to do so at this time. the big hang-up with financing is the percentage of owner occupied units in the condo development/s. if it is below a certain percentage lenders won't budge. in some sectors of the housing market prices have rebounded appreciably but in others where owners are upside down they simply choose to walk away thus creating a vicious circle. mike, based on your suggestion she will try to see if the lender will entertain the idea of a cosigner. my wife and i are both willing to cosign for her and return take her off our will. give it a shot but i wouldn't expect that to work.  the building doesn't meet the standards needed for fannie mae or freddie mac so your co-signing won't change that.  unless of course the bank is planning to keep the loan for it's portfolio but that's rare nowadays. i'd throw in with the notion that the upfront money (down payment) would need to be greater when the development/developer is "questionable." if she's planning to be there awhile and the building(s) are sound and in a good location, she can probably ride it out but needs to be prepared to put more down. we've all seen vinyl roofs, gold trim, and other things on cars. guess what this car is? it has an unusual hood ornament. i like it, whatever it is.  maybe i should throw one of those on my volvo?  give my daughter a thrill? , i'm guessing this is an income issue. i did a search in about the only town i am a somewhat familiar with in the dc area and there are condo's under 100k. perhaps not, she is pre-qualified for up to $200k. there are several dynamics at work here. one, many of these units were purchased as investment property and are not owner occupied. the second, is the condo delinquency rate. both of these metrics do not meet underwriting guidelines. the wheels have a 3 pointed star center cap. sounds like the problem is her choice of a development that has a lot of units that are not paying their condo fees. when that happens the development can't do necessary upkeep on the property, maintain the elevator or roof or any of the other expenses. the bank is rejecting the property, not the buyer. our little 13 unit townhome neighborhood had a budget problem when only one home was in foreclosure for over two years &amp; no one paid the dues on it. we had to raise the dues to provide the same services. convertible. clk. has a 811 fico. is that based on a 850 or 950 range?  if it's based on 850 that's really good. i had an 804 out of 850 before i maxed out one of my credit cards because of unexpected bills.  i reduced the balance to zero in a couple of months but by then my score dropped to 735. the whole credit score thing is kind of crazy. different companies score you differently and the score for home buying isn't the same as the score for buying a car. "...very frustrating and now embarrassing!..." mike, just explain to people that your farther has dementia and that his social filters are off.  people are very sympathetic when they realize behavior is the result of an illness. been there done that. only good tips i can offer is a) try to control one's urge to constantly correct the affected person (it can frighten or anger them)--when dad put the frying pan in the fridge i'd just say "thanks pop!" and b) don't think of them as the person you knew when they were 100%--think of them as someone who has is both their old selves and a new self combined, that you're going to have to get to know all over again. it's hard. it's real hard. and yeah, give people a heads up before they have to deal with him. have to rant a bit; my 19 year old son-who should know better-downloaded an .exe file to my desktop which turned out to be a trojan that also messed with some internet settings on my desktop pc. it took me nearly two hours to eradicate it. nasty little bugger. you'd kill it and it would pop right back. grrr.... wait until you go to your 50th.  even the name tags won't help because you can't see them! i was the mc at our 50th and i told all of those depends, laxative, and viagra jokes.  how sad is that? richard rb...one word....mac! kirstie....your comments about the high school reunion made me chuckle.  i never went to mine.  i was fairly popular, prom court, homecoming court, played sports, etc.  i was one of the few who enjoyed high school.  i just never saw the need, nor want to see the "old" school, old friends, old girlfriend(s), relive those days. my wife, however, is into that.  funny, as pretty and desireable as she is, she felt she needed to "lose a few pounds" to fit into her wedding dress.  i certainly didn't see the need, in any way shape or form.  but, she had invited some of her high school and college friends to the wedding. that was the key....looking good, not only for me, but in front of her one time piers. must be a female thing.  i ate a cinnebon the day before our wedding and didn't think twice about it. your post on checking to see if the crew cab would fit in the garage was certainly a timely one.  the day that you posted was the day i found out the answer----the hard way!  after looking at many trucks, i found exactly what i wanted ford f150 xlt 4 door with rwd in beautiful ruby red metallic with tan interior and included the luxury package with rear camera, rear sensors, powers seats, nav, etc.  my salesman turned out to be a former student who insisted that i take the truck and enjoy it for a few hours.  i drove it both in and out of town and did the mall parking.  i then went home to try the garage---bad mistake.  i managed to get it in the garage with maybe 4 or 5 inches on each side.  realizing that this wasn't going to be a good daily fit, i pulled out of the garage.  as i did, i scraped the right side mirror against the brick pillar which divides the garage into two halves!  i was mortified.  the two streaks on the black casing didn't look too bad, but the damage had been done.  i drove back to the dealership and confessed what had happened.  my salesman looked a little worried but was as nice as he could be.  he asked the gm to come out and take a look.  naturally, i offered to pay for the damage and i apologized profusely.  the gm was extremely kind and courteous.  he said for me not to worry, that they would take care of the repair.  still, i insisted that he allow me to pay for the repair.  his response was to just come back and buy a vehicle when i was ready.  wasn't that nice of him?  my salesman and former student walked me to my car and was also very courteous and kind.  what a day that was; i was so embarrassed. i've called a contractor that i know to see if we can modify the center brick pillar on the front of the garage.  even if it's a load bearing pillar, i wonder if it could be made more narrow to accommodate the truck.  at the same time, i don't want to destroy the integrity of the house .  still, i don't know how the original house owner put those cars from the 50s and 60s in that garage.  cars back then were like gigantic boats.  we'll see what happens.  after what happened, we didn't bother to negotiate on the truck, though i was ready with my research and figures.  they did drive my convertible but i never asked at that point for any figures.  to tell you the truth, i was ready to go home and have a drink!  also, i'm sure that i don't have to relate what my wife said about the incident. as mack would say, this story is definitely to be continued. richard i'm sorry to hear about your bad experience with a truck. something to check on with the truck widths is does a model have the foldable mirrors, especially ones that are remote controlled? mike, bless your heart.  you really had a time with your computer set up.  as i read your post, it brought back those nightmare memories of the times that i have screwed up my computer.  i'm much smarter with computers now.  if anything happens, i don't touch the computer.  i just reach for the phone and call the repair guy.  i'm one of those people who will make things worse and end up actually paying more because of my repair efforts.  i wish that imid lived next door to me.  he could take care of both my computer and car needs.  glad to hear that you finally got set up. richard i feel your pain. however, if your father still goes out to dinner, he is still in good shape. so hang in there buddy and be as patient as you can be, it could be worse. a good friend of mine, in his late 70s, has deteriorated so quickly that he has lost his equilibrium and constantly falls off his bed. as a result, he sleeps on the floor and is basically confined to a wheel chair. how sad. so if we start seeing posts under your name trashing bmw and singing the praises of buicks we should know it's the virus talking? i already figured that if i did end up with a pick up of some kind it would likely live outside.  heck the rdx (and former odyssey) were so tight i have nicked mirrors a few times. i bet that ford has power folding mirrors, if not standard than optional.  makes all the difference.  look into that.  just get it lined up, hit the button, and good to go. if i ever build a house it will have 2 double bays with a single door for each. that general manager no doubt understood the situation and although you were embarrassed, noel probably sized up what was going on. what you are going through is very tough and your dad is lucky to have you with him. i'm afraid we are heading in the same direction with my 85 year old mil. sadly, we may be next. i started looking through the standard and optional features for power folding mirrors. as i read ford's page, the xlt has as standard power folding mirrors, so they were on the truck you were driving. an acquaintance through classic car interests just showed up with a 150 ford pickup. nice. big. and it's a 2-door iirc. as for the garage, have you tried backing in? i find that's easier to do while watching the mirrors on my car,  and then pulling out is straight forward. one more suggestion.  i know you want an american made vehicle, but you should at least drive a 4 door toyota tacoma. i believe they are actually made in san antonio, tx. for me, they are just the right size. no garage mods needed, plus it is very comfortable, costs less, gets better gas mileage, and will hold its value like mad.  if you love the tacoma, just pay for the ford repair to clear your conscience. suggestion if you're on windows 7 or 8, create a standard user account that doesn't have admin rights and have your son, actually have everyone, use it for day-to-day stuff.  a non-admin account doesn't have the rights to install software so malware like that exe should be avoided. change the password on the admin account and only use it to do software installs &amp; updates. on the suggestion for the tacoma -- if you're tall and / or wide, forget about the tacoma, you won't fit (smile). a short while back qbrozen was trying to figure out the current rebates / incentives for a chrysler town and country.  as i recall, none of the online resources were clear enough / accurate enough, and he finally had to go to the dealer to get the straight scoop.  i have just spent the past hour trying to figure out the current status of incentives for a grand caravan, to no avail. i guess i too will have to trek to the dealer.   i would really rather have that information in hand before i show up, but oh, well. i was looking at the ford and it says power mirrors, but nothing specified about power folding. yes, if you are 6' 8" and/or weigh 400 pounds, you might have a problem. otherwise you are good to go. we're going to have to agree to disagree.  i am 6'2" and weigh 300 lbs.  there isn't nearly enough headroom for me, and i definitely felt cramped (side clearance). that web page shows "up to $2,500", and if memory serves, qbrozen wound up with $6k or $7k in incentives.  so that web page is definitely not the full story. we have had the discussion before about height and head room. i am 6-1, weigh 160 lbs.and i have at least a foot of clearance between my head and the roof....but my height is in my legs. i have long legs and a short torso. you probably have a longer torso, and at 300 pounds you probably feel side cramped in most vehicles. we disagree because we are both right. you feel cramped in a tacoma and i don't !! you are right. i read that as power for folding. i assumed all mirrors are power controlled these days. but you are right. i dug through more of the ford brochure and you have to get a lariat or fx2/fx4 model or some options higher than the xlt i was looking at to get power-folding mirrors. but looking at the specs at the end of the pdf brochure, lower line models with mirrors are 97 in and with mirrors folded are 83.5 in a savings of 13.5 inches. big difference. the chevy silverado had the lowest step in and drove the most car like when i crossed shop them with ford and dodge in 1996. i seem to have read that those characteristics still seem to be present. once i drove the chevy -- the decision was easy. imid, good catch on the folding mirrors. my bet is that particular truck did have folding mirrors. since the damage was to one of the mirrors (like the truck, the mirrors are huge) if those things had been folded, richard probably would not have had a problem. imid beat me to it. power folding side mirrors are available on lariat and up models. the complaint i always hear about the tacoma is that the seats are uncomfortable. too low, tiring on longer drives. , i'm always worried until taking possession on the actual car. "...both the manager and buyer signed it as did i as a witness. so i think i got that covered. if for any reason, upon delivery of the car, the vehicle is unacceptable, the deal collapses, so to speak...." boy things have change since the old days. back in 1974 when i accompanied my then girlfriend to buy her charger i was told some horror stories about how cars are banged up in transport and then patched up and sold to buyers without disclosure. i asked the salesperson to sign a statement to the effect that this car had not been damaged in transit.  he angrily refused and acted insulted that i would dare ask this.  always wondered what he was hiding. craigslist funny of the day poor grandparents, no wonder they have medical bills if that's where they have their mortgage. "on the road driven daily 99 ford taurus,silver, my grandparents are selling their car because of hospital bills and mortgage in the rears so im helping them find a new home for their car $1900 o.b.o come and test drive asap ask for junior" in either 1983 or 1984 i saw a newspaper ad from one of the local chrysler dealers with a screaming deal on a new lebaron 2-door - the little k-car based one. one evening i went to see the car. they showed it to me and it didn't look bad - sort of a creamy yellow outside, half-vinyl roof, gold or tan interior, wire wheel covers, rather nice-looking. i took it for a drive and it was ok, nothing special - these were essentially k-cars with a bit more sound insulation and nicer trim, so it was a rather underwhelming drive, but nice enough given the pricing. i stopped in a shopping center parking lot under one of their light standards to look it over on the outside (it was dark by the time i drove it). without a whole lot of effort i was able to see that the passenger side had been repainted - there was a tiny but of overspray in a few spots and it was missing the pinstripe that the other side had. clearly the car had sustained damage. it annoyed me that they hadn't mentioned this so i returned to the dealer and raised it with the salesman. he pleaded ignorance but could not explain the damage or tell me the extent. with that i lost all interest and left. seems to me they would have been better off up-front coming clean about it rather than have a prospective buyer like me think that it could have had serious damage under the skin. the upper limit on disclosure is relatively high in some states - ohio, iirc, topped out at $6,000. under that and the dealer had no obligation per state law to inform the buyer that repairs had been done. some states may have no limit. i don't know how they could hide behind the law if you directly ask them about any repairs. i'm not sure that $6,000 covers much these days although i recently saw a body shop advertising $699 paint jobs. so, what can i do to sell you a brand new car today? let me take it to my mechanic for a ppi. why is it so difficult to find information on managing bookmarks?  i deleted the old stories one, but how do i add this one? does someone have a link? at the top of the page, to the right of the thread title, there is a white star. click that and it will turn yellow to indicate you have it bookmarked. oh yes, the xlt that i was driving had the power mirrors.  the truck cost $40,500 and isn't one of the cheaper xlts.  it has that 320a luxury package on it.  i may just buy it and park it on the street.  i do love that particular truck.  my contractor is coming in the morning so that we can discuss the garage pillar situation.  wish me luck. richard great minds run in the same channels.  i saw one of those at church sunday and was pondering the idea.  it's just that i've always loved those f150s.  i'm afraid to settle for less and be disappointed later.  at my age, may as well get what i want. richard can't you park in the driveway in front of the garage? plus,with the open slit, you can buy a convertible spirits car too! wrong answer.  i went in the garage with the mirrors wide open.  i folded the mirrors inward before backing out, but scraped that right side mirror.  my wife ,who was watching, thinks that i turned the steering wheel slightly as i was backing out which caused the mishap.  as for the folding mirrors, i did them by hand.  a friend told me that if you hold the power mirror button down for a few extra seconds, the mirror will actually fold in on its own.  i would have to try that.  even if the mirrors weren't a problem, it's still a tight fit.  i can barely get out on the driver's side because i have to move over so far to miss that brick pillar when i'm pulling in to the garage.  we'll see what the contractor says in the morning. richard no, the driveway is too short and exits onto a side street because our house sits on a corner lot.  if it wasn't for that brick pillar in the center, i would have plenty of room in the garage.  if i can shave six inches off that pillar, i'll be in good shape.  i'm staying optimistic. richard look for the "star" symbol to the right of the forum title.  select the star, it should turn gold, siginifying you've now bookmarked this thread. , just build a nice doghouse for your soon to be new truck. problem solved. just where would you suggest that i build this doghouse for the truck?  the front of the house faces the main thoroughfare going downtown; the rear of the house is a formal garden and patio area with a brick wall and two fountains plus five large statues and mature trees and shrubs; one side of the house is on a side street and the other side is a neighbor.  i suppose that i could ask my neighbor to give me part of his lot.  then again, i could build a parking garage on top of the house between the two chimneys.  as i used to tell my new teachers, you need to think outside of the box. richard that is actually a great idea but with a twist. instead of simply asking the neighbor for permission present them an offer to lease that small parcel of land for a reasonable fee. that way, you will have the legal and moral right to park your truck, without guilt or fear, should the neighbor decide to change his mind....i think its worth a shot. i gave that same advice to a friend once, and it worked. that is actually a great idea but with a twist. instead of simply asking the neighbor for permission present them an offer to lease that small parcel of land for a reasonable fee. that way, you will have the legal and moral right to park your truck, without guilt or fear, should the neighbor decide to change his mind....i think its worth a shot. i gave that same advice to a friend once, and it worked. ok, ok, i can see where this is going.... richard can park his truck in my driveway. i'll even drive it every day so the tires stay round. here's a link to the refurb and sale of a 2000 m5 on wheeler dealers, a british car show. it's 42 mins and well worth a look see (in my opinion). love the show too --- they never figure edd china's labor into any of the projects -- still enjoy the banter. i wonder if the cars are pre-sold --- seems a stretch to rely on real car selling action. then of course, there is no way to know if the car actually sold. call me a cynic when it comes to reality tv. "; the rear of the house is a formal garden and patio area with a brick wall and two fountains plus five large statues and mature trees and shrubs"-------okay, there's your spot to build! or could get rid of that useless extra bedroom. priorities, man, priorities! if my wife even thought that i was entertaining the idea of a truck in the formal garden area, i wouldn't live long enough to drive it.  it's taken me years to even bring her around to the idea of purchasing one.  my contractor came by this morning to see what could be done about the brick pillar.  being a main support for one of the walk-up attics, he is doubtful that we can make the pillar any more narrow.  he's calling in a brick contractor to get a second opinion.  the garage opening has two steel beams for support but the brick pillar is also needed to some extent.  the drama continues. richard hmmm...if that brick pillar isn't supported by a steel tube inside it's not doing very much of anything, seems to me. wow.  you're 14 pages in before i found it.  if you want to hear about my trip (just back) with my daughter - just home an hour ago - to cooperstown and new health devolopments (well sort of the opposite) check the end of the old topic. maybe the brick pillar can be notched out and you can call it an architectural detail. bummer, so you didn't make it to the up at all this trip? we only plan to be here two more months - after that you'll have to get out to nm. we're still (as of now) planning on being there!  we are leaving here (barring funny biz from doc) on july 13.  i'll have to keep you posted during the trip but a ride through the soo locks is definitely in the plans. hey fezo, were you up at cooperstown the same day as the president? that day i was doing a bus run near the albany airport and got to see the c-17 that carries his limos. , oh, k, got my months backward, d'oh. i have to bug out on 7/21 for a few days but otherwise should be here. well, it looks like persistent rain/t-storms will keep me from reviving the speed triple and installing the rear bar on the mazdaspeed. i mentioned that i had the regal to the dealer for service last monday and they recommended an air filter change for $92. i passed. so today i went to the neighborhood parts store and picked up the filter, a fram, for $16.50. replacing it involves loosening a half-dozen torx screws (thankfully i had the bit) and freeing up a couple of clips. the original filter was made in france but looked identical to the new fram otherwise. here's what cheesed me off when the car was at the dealer i paid for the extra service that involves checking filters and fluids, oiling hinges, making sure bulbs aren't burned out, rotating tires, etc. i know its a profit pack for them but i don't mind that, at least i get some peace of mind. this is where they found the air filter needed changing, and in fact they said it had bugs and twigs in the housing. at $92, i passed. today when i did it i found removing the lid on the housing was the toughest part. i guess gm determined its cheaper to use 6 torx-head screws than a few spring clips, but they are time-consuming and there are still a couple of plastic clips you have to wrestle with. but finally i popped it off and removed the air filter. this is what pissed me off the twigs and bugs were still there! after going through all the trouble to remove the housing at least he could have blown some compressed air into it to get rid of the debris. but instead they wanted to charge me the time to again remove the housing and then replace the filter. ridiculous. i really should write a letter to the dealer principal. if they had paged me when he found the junk in the housing and said , "you need a new air filter, the part is (say) $30" i would have said yes. but not at $92. greedy bas*ards. "...greedy bas*ards..." they have to pay for all those recalls and lawsuits somehow. i don't believe for a second that a costly engine air filter change is unique to general motors dealers. especially it has nothing to do with the thorough recalls and lawsuits. to suggest that something at a dealer store is due to recall cost and lawsuits, is wrong those are cost items the companies, audi, toyota, lexus, honda, vw, tesla, hyunkia, all carry, not he dealer's service departments. price an engine filter change at your favorite dealership? those are viewed as add on items and are profit centers. ask about a cabin filter change cost? better yet, price one at jiffy lube? check out the price for a cabin air filter change as well. a favorite technique is to show the naive customer a dirty oily filter and claim it's from their car when it's not theirs. they did not dig in to remove the customer's original. then they charge for a new filter and change but don't replace the filter. it's "free" money. oem air filter element costs 2009 328i$ 20.70 2004 x3 2.5 $14.21 1995 318ti $17.52 2007 mazdaspeed 3 $16.27 1999 wrangler tj 4.0 $9.08 i only use oem filters; i just don't have a lot of confidence in fram filters. maybe my bias is unfounded, but the price delta just isn't large enough to sway me from going the oem route. hey oldfarmer, i was up in your neck of the woods friday.  looking at apartment complexes, and we visited a few off western in g'land.  i think one was on schoolhouse, one on johnson, and another just past 155. for various reasons he did not end up at any of them (he took a unit just down into albany, but buckingham pond).  nice area, and a whopping 2-2.5 miles to where he is working.  but most important, it actually comes with a real garage spot!  and when you have to be at work by 7, in the winter up there that can be a real time saver. , i'm not convinced that oem filters offer any more protection than a fram. (i'm half suspicious that fram makes a bunch of oem filters anyway). my recently sold '99 quest mostly got frams and some kid is driving it to diesel school the next state over with 200k on it. , my daughter just signed a lease for an apt in madsion, wi. i didn't go on the trip, figuring 1 less opinion was good. i did ask that they try to find a place with indoor parking, if possible. although her escape spent the last 2 winters outdoors, it's over 10 years old and inside parking should save some wear and tear on it, not mention the added convenience/security factor for my daughter. the champion company makes a lot of filters such as for walmart's brand. i believe that quality companies also make the oils marketed under supertech label for walmart. i recall honda had all their owners scared that if they didn't use the special honda oil, the car wouldn't break in properly. it was simply an oil with a higher content of molybdenum iirc, which you can pick from among various oils for yourself. but it had the honda label so it was special? explorer, in the more budget end of apartments, a covered space (let alone a garage) is a rarity, but very nice to have in areas like that where the winter is severe.  unless you are downtown i guess, in a high rise that has a garage (my son got a garden apartment style, so most people park outside).  the garage was an extra $30, which to me is a bargain! the only thing with filters that worries me is that while the same company makes it for wally world, they are doing it to a different price point and minimum specs.  so the outside may look the same, but they may have cut corners on the inside.  the oil if anything is more likely to be a straight relabel. stuff like filters really don't cost much more at the parts counter, and you replace them so infrequently that an extra few $$ is not a big deal.  i do however save money on the cabin filters buying them at walmart! "... to suggest that something at a dealer store is due to recall cost and lawsuits, is wrong..." i should have used an emotorcon to show i was being sarcastic. oh, i agree, this had nothing to do with gm. this dealership group owns dealer operations for  toyota, m-b, nissan, hyundai, kia, and god-knows what other makes here. i'm certain this is their service management policy. they have (or had) a decent reputation here, certainly better than their main competitor, but this is the second or third time they have disappointed me in the last 2 1/2 years. my point is, i was already paying them $89 to do all these inspections, etc. the guy did the hard part of the job by removing the housing. he had the dirty filter in his hand. i know because what they described they saw is exactly what i saw. i was sitting 100 feet away in their lounge. they could have paged me and asked, and sold me an oem filter at list price. but that $92 must include a hefty labor component, which i had already paid for. as for oem vs aftermarket, i am generally an oem guy. i will only buy oem wiper blades, and i prefer oem oil filters, especially after that analysis years ago on the cheap state of fram oil filters at the time (maybe they have improved since, i don't know). when i had my intrigue with the shortstar engine i bought a case of delco oil filters for it, and i did the same for my '68 cutlass. i know lots of folks with vws, m-bs, hondas, etc that will only use the oem oil filter and i have no issue with that. air filters i am less concerned with. i figure if people are paying big bucks for k&amp;n air filters that probably let more stuff into the engine, then an aftermarket air filter that looks and appears identical to the original which was not made by gm anyway probably will work fine. it was just the sales tactic in this case that irritated me. near buckingham pond, that sounds like stonehenge apts.  what a co-inky-dink, on my summer bus run i'll be traveling buckingham road every day. tell him to be careful of swerving school buses. living in the city of albany may not be the time saver he thinks as albany's winter snow removal program is to wait until spring. also, if he can avoid rt. 85 to get to work he'll save on suspension repairs to his car.  try western ave. to fuller.  slower but he won't feel like he drove through a naval gunnery range. i feel much better. auto repair anywhere is a ripoff for far too many people, be it dealer or local mechanic. that filter housing "analysis" a while back was a joke. it's all about the media. fram is owned by reynolds (of aluminum fame) and they also happen to own some paper mills. if frams were so bad, the consumer protection agency would be all over them. ( <strong>  the </strong> consumer protection agency being, of course, the american trial lawyers assn. ). about the only oem replacement part i'd really want on my car are the shocks. only their advertising has improved to try to make people "feel" better about their brand. the bobistheoilguy analyses were good stuff. wish someone would repeat them with more current materials. as for the oil filters, the more they use data in the advertising to make me feel guilty that i need to use their better filter, the less i react. getting 99.1% of particles is great. i don't need to pay double or triple to get 99.6% of particles. the ones getting through are so small they don't matter. further, the oil filter matrix catches some particles that block some of the larger pores after time. the filter then becomes what the finer, smaller matrix of the higher-priced filter was at the start. so a used filter actually filters "better" because it will have a smaller average opening size. however, the downside is that the finer filter restricts the oil flow more. this in turn causes more of the oil to go to the bypass valve on the pump or the filter and circulate without being put through the filter material. this is more true with colder oil. so my logic is a standard purolator filter is better for my car which is driven on a combo of short trip with colder oil and on longer drives with hot thin oil. i do buy the purolator one which is a finer matrix for my cobalt which gets only pennzoil platinum full synthetic and i change the oil once per year even though it doesn't make the mileage needed for a change. guess i'd better beware those samsung phones and ipads wally sells. just had my oil changed the other day (i've decided to retire from that job). didn't even look to see what filter got put on; probably a carquest. guess i should go check for drips - that's the problem with having a good mechanic, you wind up trusting them implicitly. gm dealers in the states include the multipoint inspection with the oil change. about $60. in fact, i can't remember when i had any oil change that didn't include a comprehensive print out for all systems. i still change my own air filter because it's one thing i can still do. guess i'd better beware those samsung phones and ipads wally sells. as for phones, i'm into net10 and tracfones--it's all we can afford and they're much more practical for our level of need. the walmart phones sometimes include memory cards and car cords that aren't in the same phone marketed by tracfone/net10 on their own site. - i hear madison is a great town.  several of my friends who are electronic medical record consultants started their careers at epic and "lived" in madison for a number of years. i say "lived" because they all spent substantial amounts of time on the road as part of implementation teams. imidazol97, pageplus prepaid here. $10 every three months and we usually roll over some minutes. -) but you get my drift. we lived in madtown for ~6 months back in the early 80s and have been back several times in the three years that we've lived in the up. nice town, nice neighborhoods and parks. lots of canoes. hit six or eight dealers there a couple of months ago and most all were pretty good. the subaru dealer there was the only one that was a bit, er, dubious to deal with. kia was the best about being upfront but tested us in a low end trim. i liked the vw guy a lot but we made my wife antsy after he and i got into a long discussion about bus history, a 4wd conversion outfit in california that they keep brochures around for, and the reason why the concept microbus didn't fly (msrp reportedly would have been $40,000 to pay for the crash/safety stuff in order to sell it here). <strong>  rolls royce coupe? </strong> dad and i went to the boca raton town center for our daily walk.  as we passed by the rolls and bentley exhibit, i noticed there was a new rolls royce coupe sitting where the ghost used to sit.  i walked over and saw the pricing - $369,000.00.  the doors opened by front out first, not rear as you would expect.  the color was brown quarter panels and beige hood and trunk and brown cabin top and medium beige leather seating. <strong>  it was exquisite! </strong> i have never, ever seen a more beautiful car.  there were at least 20 people walking around it and remember, the mall stores are closed until noon and we were there at 1000 am. it was a breathtaking automobile.  i did not see any insignias on the car to show the model, so i assumed it was a corniche or some special edition ghost in a coupe.  $369,000 is a bit low for a corniche or a phantom - they retail in the $450,000 - $500,000 range. when i got home, i looked it up on edmunds to find out the model.  it's called the "wraith" and pricing starts ar $289,000.  so the one they were showing at the mall ($369,000) was obviously <em>  loaded, loaded, loaded! </em> i can't tell you how beautiful that car is in words - you really have to see it and examine it's stance and lines to truly appreciate the elegance and styling.  so much nicer than the bentley coupe. my guess is that you would have to pay a bit more than msrp to get the one they were exhibiting only because there is almost a 1 year wait if you order one.  and then, you have to add the luxury tax and gas guzzler tax.  again, all i can say is "breathtaking!" our parts department had a fram filter cut in half sideways along with a honda oem oil filter. if you saw the differences, you would never use a fram filter! it's the media - how many times have you read about a bypass valve failing? ever? now compare those numbers to the number of oil filter gaskets that stuck to the block lol. guess where my daughter is going to be working? i’m not at all certain that i could tell which oil filter was better by simple visual examination of a cross section.  to most people, shinier, brighter objects are perceived to be “better” or “more desireable”. ahh, now this i can relate to.  i have personally  known of several engines that were destroyed by this exact problem.  none of them happened to be a honda, so definitely not unique to honda’s. going back many years, i remember all of the hoopla about fram filters being junk.  as i recall, the only real problems ever encountered with fram filters were that some models which should have had an anti drain back valve, did not.  this could cause lifter rattle on cold start (and quite possibly more wear on the lower end of the engine). i’m fairly certain that this problem was corrected many years ago.  i will admit to a certain lingering prejudice against fram, and for oem oil filters. they may be decen't filters- who knows? but like i said, for i'm not risking it to save less than $5... the fram filter looked like it was made in some third world country.  the metal was thin and flimsy. as far as filter gaskets sticking to the block, i've only heard of this problem on 2nd generation crv's.  honda (and others) had to redesign the filters so the gasket couldn't stick to the block. i guess they didn't realize how careless people changing oil can be.  as a very young person working in a gas station one of the first things i learned was to make sure the old gasket didn't stick to the block and they often did. you can't cure "dumb" i suppose. as i said, were you to examine the differences between those two filters there is no way you would use a fram filter. but, i suppose if you change your oil as often as i do, it probably wouldn't matter. i just recently (about 6 years ago) went from 3k oil changes to 5k oil changes.  my father would have given me a world of grief about that! i was taught to always rub oil on the gasket before installing the filter.  this was supposed to keep the gasket from sticking to the block, but i'm not sure if that really worked. getting back to buying and selling cars. i am looking for a cheap transportation car for a very nice 73 year old woman that is a volunteer  (like me) at our local food bank.  she is fighting bone cancer, lost her husband to cancer along with her life savings and home paying medical bills. she has no money so we are paying.  trying to find a 2000.00 car and it is tough. craigslist is dominated by flakes, strokes, curbstoners, scam artists, people that don't speak english, people who won't return calls etc. she will probably drive it 2000 miles a year but it should be something reliable. the cars that are good ones get snapped up immediately. still looking.... &gt; they are using mobil 1 0w-40; it meets  mb-approval 229.3 as well as mb-approval 229.5. it also has other builders approvals bmw longlife oil 01, vw 502 00, vw 505 00, and porsche a40. castrol and pennzoil also market oils with similar approvals. she is in for some real fun - lots of young people, a beautiful campus, and an industry that is exploding. the only downside is that when she is ready to stop working at epic, they strongly enforce a 1 year non-compete. all of my friends took that year off to go travel, and then came back and picked up where they left off in consulting roles.  tell her to join every hotel and airline loyalty program she travels with - the points add up quickly with the amount epic folks travel. great minds think alike.  i got one last year and haven't seen it since it was appropriated by my son. farmer, yes that is where he will be living.  i will tell him to waive when he sees a bus.  his unit is in the back overlooking the pond and that road. he will just take western to fuller.  his building is just a short bit up fuller, so that makes the most sense. isellhondas  as a hooptie expert i would recommend an older buick century/oldsmobile ciera.  identical cars they made until 1996.  light, pretty good on gas, reliable for an american car and cheap to fix because they made millions of them. in my part of the country the salt ate them all to death but where you are there should be some nice ones. i might call on this one i was taught that too but it seems to be a forgotten art.  i changed my oil once as it was getting dark.  the garage that had done the last oil change evidently never oiled the gasket and it stuck to the motor. i didn't notice because of the lack of light. my son drove it until the engine was toast from lack of oil.  mentioned in passing that the oil light was on a week later.  can't fix stupid, can you? well, if you can't find one, what hope is there for the rest of the folks looking for a 2k driver. maybe your dealership contacts can alert you when one shows up for trade that will be immediately wholesaled. good luck. an older friend of mine has an x3 of the same vintage as mine; i always offered to help him with oil changes and such but he didn't want to "impose" so... he ends up taking it to an alleged mechanic who can't spell "bmw" and who also apparently lacked opposable thumbs. i got called in to rectify the damage at the next oil change. the "professional technician" used what appeared to be a fram cartridge filter; the filter medium was on the verge of disintegrating as were the plastic end caps(something that oem filters do not use). he also nearly stripped the oil pan out by over-tightening the drain plug(he missed the salient fact that bmws have used a replaceable aluminum/copper seal ring on the drain plug for at least 50 years). the icing on the cake was the moron's failure to reset the service interval system. the pro "didn't have the right reset tool". i suppose he was referring to his own brain, as thirty seconds spent on google would have revealed that <strong>  no tool is needed </strong> - it is a dead simple procedure that only uses the odometer reset button. oh yeah, he charged my friend more for the garbage fram element than i pay for an oem filter from my dealer... i agree with your choices.  most have the 3.1 engines that aren't bad. i like saturns too.  they don't have a good resale especially since they are now an orphan.  not bad cars.  if i can find a taurus that doesn't have a bad transmission those work too. i might give the guy with the white buick a call since he's probably 15 minutes from us.  wenatchee is probably 200 miles away. i appreciate your ideas and agree with you. "i like saturns too" i like those sl models, i don't know why.  the term "cute" comes to mind. the ones i see on cl are rather pricey in my opinion.  some suffered from cracked heads or oil burning. a lot are manual trannys. a woman at work has a 2002 sc 3 door with 5sp manual.  i could see myself buying it some day. i have decided i would like to have a lexus es for some reason.  of course, my budget probably covers a first year model with 250k on it.  maybe. veering off topic again (hey, i'm not up to the point of selling or buying cars yet). my wife was upstairs today doing chores, and called me up as the dryer was "having a problem".    well, turns out the problem was it did not want to turn on, or stay running when it did.  plus, there was a distinct burning smell (seemed to me to be rubber or electrical).  so as much as it pained her, i unplugged it since i doubt it would end well trying to use it more.  and by that, i was expecting to burn the house down. a few weeks back the washer didn't want to run.  i managed to get that going by taking 1/2 the load out, and seems to have been ok since. we debated calling the service guy again, but i strongly suspect that if repairable, it was going to be an expensive part + service call.  given that (per the wife) they have not been cleaning well, and they are about 14 yo at this point, we decided to go price out new ones first (having been out of the market for a long time). turns out that new machines are much fancier, and much cheaper, than the old ones (and ours were high end maytag front loaders when we got them).  pretty much made financial sense to apply the $75 service call charge to new machines. we just hit lowes for our level set.  after looking at all the options, a samsung set seemed to be the best combo of style, features and price.  i pretty much violated all the rules (research first, shop around, buy 2nd) by saying to heck with it, and pulling the trigger on the spot.  they did meet one key criteria  they were in stock, and could be delivered tuesday! thankfully, after coming home and researching, looks like highly rated units, and the price was rock bottom.  end up being pretty fancy machines, washer + gas dryer, for $1,050 + tax delivered and installed, with the old ones dragged away. oh, technically only needed the dryer, but decided since the washer was fading, better to just do them together.  at least they will match! guess i'd better beware those samsung phones and ipads wally sells. the wife and i just picked up a samsung galaxy s5 last night from best buy, got me a pretty good deal on them. ipads are the same anywhere.  i remember (paging nyccarguy!) discussions about plumbing fixtures that looked the same, and had the same model name, but were much different inside when you bought them at the big box stores. what kind of deal did you get? i bought an s-5 three weeks ago from best buy and it was not much of a deal when you figure in the fancy case ($50) and protective glass ($35). that i can live with but my at&amp;t international data charge was $244 for only 102 mb of data use. ouch! the galaxy s-5 is more than a smart phone. it handles all your communication and navigation needs and the 1080p and 4k video camera is amazingly brilliant. however, battery life stinks. i have to recharge at least twice a day. did you try cleaning out the lint trap and behind the lint trap?  our dryer has gone out several times because the lint builds up in the ductwork and the unit gets hot.  trips some sort of circuit breaker.  clean it out, let it cool down and back to work. my fusion has been at the dealer for almost 2 weeks waiting for a part, so i started looking around just in case. other than the amount of time, it hasn't been a big deal. i've put about 150 miles on the loaner. weather has been good, so i've been driving the convertible. regarding appliances, i will pay to get them repaired once, next time it gets replaced. after 16 years, we've replaced the washer, dryer, microwave, and dishwasher. i just replaced one of the stove burners (glass top) and have to manually turn the ice maker on/off by moving the little bar up or down. next priority is to replace the furnace. farmer, it looks pretty clean in the lint area.  that was really clogged before we moved it upstairs, and at most it just caused it to run long (not as hot).  given the age, etc. we decided to not get on the repairman hamster wheel. i should tomorrow dismantle it though just to check!  though given how bad the smell was (not like lint, more like electrical), i don't think i am willing to try running it again to find out! i do need to pull it out so i can get behind it to vacuum i guess.  not something i do all that often.  ok, ever. why not just look for a v-6 camry?  those es's aren't much more than a gussied up camry. well, because it is a camry.  i just couldn't bring myself to do that.  plus i like the lexus seats. my quest continues.... a guy had a 96 taurus for sale for 1500.00. the power steering pump moaned like a foghorn, the a/c blew hot but according to the seller, it "just needs a charge".  the car was so filthy inside and out. then there was a corsica with a slipping transmission but, the seller felt that a "band adjustment" would "probably" solve the problem. some guy with an overpriced stripper camry that the seller "knew" would "easily" go another 288,000 miles! and a gentleman from india that i simply could not understand. still looking.... speaking of  'other' filters, my shop vac didn't seem to be working well even with a new filter. it has a detachable top unit that can be used as a blower. turns out the underside has a foam filter that was clogged. i cleaned it and it works much better. i'm starting to think that i should ask more $ for my tl when i put it on the market at the end of the summer.  $4,000 seems to be the new $2,000.  in this case, the ac really does blow cold, and it does run like 1/2 the miles! well we went in to look at something else and we stopped and looked at the phones. best buy had the on sale for $99 each (verizon phones, they are back to $199 today online) plus a fancy wallet cases that i think went for $50 each. talking to the manager he looked online and found the for less and matched the price at $35 and gave us $85 for our old iphones (iphone 4) bringing it to $183 plus tax, title and license. chatting with the manager he came down a little on the cases and give us a little more for our iphones. so it came out to use getting two galaxy s5's and cases for two 5 year old iphones and $168 including tax. i haven't noticed a short battery life, so far today it has kept a decent charge. i'll find out tomorrow how the battery fairs when i use it pretty much like i did with the old iphone. the iphone being 5 years old was losing battery capacity and i had to charge it up midday. i'll let you know tomorrow. just to let you know i made a personal achievement yesterday, i did a century ride (and no it wasn't riding in a buick). a century ride is a cyclists equivalent of a marathon, 100 miles or more in a day. we went 111.4 miles in just over 8.5 hours. you are a better man than me!!! rb- am i detecting that your mazdaspeed 3 is back?  lousy timing on my part....  wondering what it would take to essentially turn my 6 into kind of a speed6?  i bet putting some nice shocks and maybe springs (i'm sure all are original). the solara gets sold in a couple days and souping up the 6 might be a way to go. having gone through skin cancer, even though it supposedly wasn't sun related, makes having a convertible less of a necessity. that said, a nice miata would still tempt mightily. of - i must have missed the prez by a day. all nice and quiet. steve, the 6 is a good platform.  usually by the 100k or so (where i assume you are) the suspension is far from what it was.  some nice konis and new bushings alone could make a transformation. tire rack has a lot of stuff.  looks like about $700 gets you h&amp;b springs and konis struts all around, all rated as "performance street" which sounds like what you want.  plus installation of course, so figure maybe 1k to totally revitalize and upgrade the suspension?  the 6 is a nice handling car to start.  that should be like night and day to warn out oem. yes, and as good as new. the shop did a fantastic job. anybody watch 60 minutes last night? they did a feature story celebrating lamborghini 50th. anniversary, and wow what stunning footage. i will try to post the video, if and when i find it. p.s here is the video. anyone looking for a vacation, ferrari is opening a theme park hotel in spain it looks like.  i believe they also have one in abu dahbi.  i wonder if they have a ferrari go-kart track? most of you know, oil price gouging is a huge boondoggle.  hot on the heals of reports that the u.s. is, for all intents and purposes, oil indenendent due to shale oil, we get a politician (of all people) calling out the oil industry.... yes, and as good as new. the shop did a fantastic job. on my way...... meanwhile, what do you think of stick's idea.  kind of what i'm thinking. you have to remember that bernie is an unabashed socialist so he's coming from a position that any private enterprise is evil. maybe his efforts would be better served if he investigated why after a 40 year ban the government is allowing oil exports. you might need more than shocks and bushings to get a true speed6. starting with the basic mazda 6 structure--a unibody with good rigidity credentials--mazda added a cross brace behind the rear seats and a hefty cross-body beam under the dash, heavied up the mounting points for the front and rear suspension subframes, and beefed the a-pillar anchor points. the net of the foregoing, according to mazda, is a 50-percent gain in torsional rigidity. sounds extravagant, but we failed to pack a structural-rigidity test rig and thus must take the company's word for it. as you'd expect, the suspension--unequal-length control arms in front, a multilink rear--has been stiffened, with higher spring rates, firmer shock damping (monotube at the rear), harder bushings, and heftier anti-roll bars fore-and-aft. heftier also applies to the brakes, which spin behind 7.0-by-18-inch alloy wheels (versus 7.0-by-17 on the mazda 6 s). power is supplied by a revised mazda mzr 2.3-liter dohc 16-valve four, said revisions including a block cast from higher-density aluminum alloy; a reduced compression ratio (9.51 versus 9.71); a steel crankshaft with enlarged crankpins; direct (versus port) fuel injection, a first for a u.s. mazda; and a hitachi turbocharger compressing the air-fuel mixture to the tune of 15.6 psi via an air-to-air intercooler mounted squarely atop the engine. throw on a front strut tower brace too. close enough. i'm not likely to go that far but replacing parts as needed with much upgraded parts is on the agenda.  a set of nice performance tires would e good as well.  i expect to do that come fall.  i have at least one more rotate in the primacys that are on there. make no mistake.  the car is a real treat to drive.  it has a v6 in it which does the job for me.  it's not the thriftiest thing in terms of gas but, hey, i live in nj.  and it's not that bad either.  for about 90% of my driving (old, or at least disabled, retired guy) i'd be better off with a cmaxx or a prius but when those moments come..... oldfarmer...i hear you.  but, he has enough backing to get elected (which is something i could never muster).  so, i'll give him some cred on that count.  and, you have to admit, oil is running out of bogus excuses for raising prices. that doesn't change the fact that price manipulation has, is,  and will continue to go on as long we we let it.  i think boehner is tired of getting my phone calls and emails every week on this topic.  his office now only sends me generic form letter replies. i've been wondering about the whole oil export policy change, too.  assuming oil companies, with a surplus here in the u.s., are looking for foreign avenues to sell their products. you want an economic boom?  we're coming to an end to over a decade of war.  add low oil prices to that equation and see what happens (think mid-90s economic expansion). however, can't happen until the few who are manipulating oil prices are brought to task. you want an economic boom? we're coming to an end to over a decade of war. add low oil prices to that equation and see what happens (think mid-90s economic expansion). i thought we have been exporting refined products all along, at the same time raising prices on the finished products here--diesel fuel was the one i recall as the example. odd that we block drilling in most of the source areas and then export finished product and now export unrefined oil. huh? and the media does no digging into facts as to what's going on. i thought it was all bush and cheney's faults for 8 years. they're gone. now the media follows bernie that it's all just a few manipulators? at least they can't blame bush. media'll have to update their perpetrators list to more correctly fit the current admin. on the topic of cars, i was at a joe nuxhall miracle league car show in your neck of the woods (hamilton/fairfield) sunday. lots of cars i hadn't seen further north nearer dayton, along with bond's aston martin from goldfinger (1 of 4 and it had sold for north of $4 million) and miss ohio 2013 was there. fuel is america's largest export product i believe. in 2013, us exports were machinery $213,108,199,000 (13.5% of total exports) electronic equipment $165,604,449,000 (10.5%) mineral fuels including oil $148,426,743,000 (9.4%) vehicles excluding trains and streetcars $133,640,479,000 (8.5%) aircraft and spacecraft $115,380,944,000 (7.3%) optical, technical and medical apparatus $84,281,276,000 (5.3%) pearls, precious stones, precious metals and coins $72,830,232,000 (4.6%) plastics $60,836,970,000 (3.9%) organic chemicals $46,510,903,000 (2.9%) pharmaceutical products $39,742,717,000 (2.5%) imid...i heard about the car show just today.  missed it.  as always, i'm a day late and a dollar short. gas pricing conspiracy?  how about those blackjack dealers hitting 21 with 4 cards to beat my 20 off the deal. stick, i forget exactly where you are, somewhere in ohio? but here's one for you. jay.....you'll get no sympathy from me.  i was at a table where the dealer hit 3 blackjacks out of 5 deals while the wife and i were cruising.  -1 farmer, i'm in south jersey. just outside philly. not sure what i would do with a parts car, but it us in my price range! sorry about that, the old brain gets things confused these days.  i think it's because my wife always moves my stuff and tells me i just forgot where i put it. parts car?  you could sit in it and go vroom vroom.  think of what you'd save on insurance too.here's one near you that runs and nowhere near 250k miles. that one reads almost exactly like my 2000 acura tl. now here i went all the way to kentucky to meet one of the gang and stick's just across the state from me (and a small state at that) but no..... i'm still taking nominations on upgrades for the mazda.  i figure real performance tires once the current ones wear out.  probably know what i'm getting there.  there are troublemakers in here i tell you.... i'd think the best upgrade for you would be a new head unit, amp or an xm/sirius subscription. "i'm still taking nominations on upgrades for the mazda. i figure real performance tires once the current ones wear out." throw a turbo on it and hang on! oh i see what i did--it should be "usa is world's largest exporter of oil"  (that is, all oil products---saudi arabia and ussr still lead in basic crude oil).  our export numbers include  natural gas liquids and biofuels. i'll bet a turbo is out of my price range.... not even sure there is a turbo kit for the mazda v6.  or the 3.0l even needs it (assuming you want traction at the front wheels). around here, with the traffic, lights and cops, that car is already overpowered.  much better use of money making it fun to drive. and fezo, you are much closer to qbrozen.  but next time you are down this way, feel free to stop in!  i am actually about 15 minutes from where tjc lives (wonder how he is doing, and if jr. arrived yet?) so can have a big meet up! i used to work on qbrozen but to no avail.  probably because i always had something mechanical for him to do.  heck, he and i are in the same county, along with 600,000 other people. ok i made a few phone calls with it, played music with it's external speakers for most of the day and did a lot of web surfing and still had over 40% power. fwiw at the time i would have had to plug in the iphone i still had over 70% power (but note that the iphone was 4 or 5 years old and the battery was dying a slow death). overall i am pleased with the battery life. that's what you get when your dealer is jimmy "cards" molinari. your wife does that too? if molinari is a sicilian that explains a lot. my ancestors are from the north--- we are piedmontese --- near the french border.  must be some kind of vendetta. i'm neapolitan.  we're stuck between you guys, just trying to be the real italians... jack it up and drive a new one under it !! props to you and yours for inventing the strawberry, vanilla and chocolate ice cream combo carton. you're welcome. it's sad that people hear italian and presume it's all about pasta and tomato sauce. northern italian food is great - what german should be 8 million more gm cars recalled? is there any car they made in the last 15 years not effected? gm's ytd sales are down 8.5% which means nothing since ford is down 6.3%. my 2012 lacrosse is still clear. for now.  i pick my cars like i pick slot machines. always a winner. jay, is there a published list of recalled buicks? i own a 2011 lacrosse cxs and last week i got dic reading to service suspension. i took it to the dealer who diagnosed it as a faulty sensor. one week later the sensor has not arrived and i am beginning to wonder if this is a widespread problem. ha ha! i love that! they haven't recalled #1 son's 98 buick or son#2's 93 caddy or my 88 vandura so i guess we're winners too. i wouldn't press my luck in a casino though. correction gm sales were not down 8.5%.  that was an edmunds estimate. actual sales were up about 1%. not jay but if your interested in any outstanding recalls for your gm vehicle this should help, just need the vin yes, and  nothing like italian food....  good, though. it's part of gm's new marketing plan to get more people into their dealerships. and it's . my father came over on the boat and was originally raised in a little town just south of rome.  my mother's family (her parents came over on the boat) was from northern italy.  two very different types of italians. it's kind of like talking to someone from alabama, while eating at a southern family restaurant compared to talking to  a native new yorker while eating at a haute cuisine restaurant in manhattan. both as american as can be....both quite different. was it posted here, or somewhere else?  i read a quote/study/blurb that every other country is trying harder and harder to become more and more like the u.s.a....from food, to culture, to trends, etc. not sure if that's a good or a bad thing.  i vote it's good! older sister, jag fan, is looking for a new car.  she has an "s" type, with 140k miles on it.  but, they don't make the "s" any more and she feels the xf and the xj don't fill the bill. so, she's looking at other lux cars.  of course, she calls her little brother for an opinion (i've got plenty of those). her budget is $60k, less is better. i recommended she drive a benz e350, bmw 5 series, audi a6, and acura rlx.  this test driving has been going on for about month. first up was the e350 4matic.  surprisingly, she didn't like it.  she said it felt too "ponderous".  not sure what that means, but it is a bigger car than her old "s-type".  she says it didn't even have leather for that price (yeah....i don't get that, either).  she was underwhelmed. next up, she drove a 528ix.....she liked it.  but, she has the mental block of paying that kind of money for a car with a 4 cyl (regardless of how good it might be).  i told her for her budget, she could get a 535ix.  we'll see if she jumps on one. the audi a6 she liked.  but, after hearing of my go round with the s4, it's not going to make her short list.  btw, i read a pro review of the audi s7 last week.  the publication complained about one of the things i had an issue with regarding my s4....the quattro system binding.  sounds like audi has an engineering problem on their hands.  at least in my case, one they can not fix. that brings up the acura rlx.  she has tastes similar to mine, so i thought she'd like it.  she did.....a lot. so, it's now down to the bmw 5 series and the acura rlx.  i know i can get a 5 right around $6k off.  the rlx was running $10k off msrp about a month ago.  but, it looks like acura trunk money might be gone as that deal is tougher to find right now around here.  they're running about $4k off now. i'm back.  haven't had time to go through 400 posts since i have been gone.  saw lots of cars in england, that look like buicks.  looked up the name insignia and found they are vauxhall insignias, and are buick regals in china and north america another car that surprised me was a low slung mercedes c550 estate wagon.  we don't get those in north america, but i saw quite a few in england. now that is a wagon that hauls! i think i would have also recommended the 2015 genesis. i am surprised she is not looking at an suv or a cuv. these crossovers are exceedingly popular with women for the high riding position and easy ingress and exit. the range rover evoque or some other luxury brand of that ilk may worth a look, if she is so inclined. thanks for that jay (oops i mean ray,) i will look it up as soon as i find my vin. i have a feeling ggs sister won't be interested in a genesis.  the genesis would appeal to a very value conscious buyer who doesn't care what the rest of the world thinks. i wonder why ggs sis needs a larger car like an a6, 528 or e class.  the 528 is not a real car lovers car...if you are getting a 5 series you have to go 535 with an m package - so you can get the sport suspension when you want it. i think she should consider a smaller c class, 335, or a4 all loaded up and get something that will be more fun.  maybe even an a5 or bmw 4 series 2 door coupe.  that's just my opinion. i think the 2015 mercedes c class is going to be a really nice car for the money. not out until fall however. actually, that is a jag xf shooting brake, not a mb.  i'd buy one in a heartbeat over an suv... has she been to the jag dealer?  what about the xf (or xj) doesn't float her boat?  too modern for a jag, style-wise?  outside the box thinkers want to know.  although, if i was truly an outside the box thinker, one would think i could come up with a less trite phrase than outside the box... i'd be careful with jaguar--they might not be in the us market in the coming years. i'm just going to ignore that...as i do all potential depressing news.  like my retirement account statements, results from my annual physical and any correspondences from the irs.  it's a good life. it's not jaguar/range rover cars that i'm worried about--they're doing pretty well--it's the parent company tata that is cause for concern.  jaguar is doing very well in china. jaguar  i like the car so much, that i bought the company! such rumors abounded about audi, too, not too long ago... i'm not sure i'm understanding your concern about tata, are they in financial trouble? well their ceo apparently ?? committed suicide this past january by taking a flying off a hotel,  amid depressing sales results as the article says at the end, jaguar is the only good news for the company so far. well, while certainly not an uplifting story, i'm not sure i'd yet panic about jlr pulling out of the us in the near future. gg  take your sis to the jag dealer.  see if they have a buy one get one sale going.  if so, if she buys an xf, i'll give y'all a few $ for the f-type they throw in... it may be due to the carrier &amp; not the phone.  on modern smartphones some carriers configure them to aggressively seek out wifi hotspots so the carrier can lessen the use of their cellular data network.  they're managing their network at the expense of your battery life/user experience.  example sprint used to call it connection manager but may be calling it smart mode now.  on my s4 it's in settings under wi-fi.  disabling that meant my end-of-day battery was at least 30% higher. speaking of such things, i was behind a white equus in traffic yesterday. surprised me, first one i have seen here. didn't know they were even selling them locally - maybe one got on the car carrier by accident with a shipment of accents. from the rear at least, it is totally unimpressive-looking and very generic. this one was in livery service, maybe that's its niche now that ford is no longer making town cars. my 2012 lacrosse is still clear. for now. i pick my cars like i pick slot machines. always a winner. my 2011 regal has not come up on the list yet either. recall-free! actually, i had a hard time finding a picture of the car i saw.  now, i think i have it, a 2014 mercedes benz shooting brake. another picture...they look quite dramatic in real life. btw, that jag estate wagon looked pretty nice too. he can always get his car serviced at a dealer in china. hmmn, interesting, and thanks for sharing that information. my carrier is at&amp;t and they hit me with a $244 international data charge for only 102 mb of data usage. that's how they make up for their unlimited phone and text messages. well it's a bit of a stretch to say his suicide had anything to do with poor sales.  the poor economy created a difficult environment to sell cars - even the nano. jaguar and land rover aren't going anywhere.  tata is a huge conglomerate.  tata motors is just 1 of over 100 subsidiaries that the tata group has and jaguar and land rover are important brands to them. enough of that.  what am i going to do with my mazda 6?  looking for things like shocks and springs.  the performance tires will come as the current ones, which are perfectly nice, wear down a bit. i linked to a nice suspension set up the other day.  springs struts shock tower brace and tires, and ready to auto-x.  senior division. don't forget to get some cool wheels to go with the suspension upgrades. farmer - i have enough eye trouble without adding that to it! stick - don't suppose you could repost that link?  i'll find it otherwise. never mind. found it. i thought about that when i saw it...i said, that's just like mikes only as a wagon! they look pretty awesome in real life.....but, of course it doesn't make much of a wagon, with that low roof and sloped rear end.  it says, i am a practical person who drives a very utilitarian station wagon.........but, it doesn't mean it has to be a dull old station style wagon. this is all stick's fault - but, dear, they were on sale..... they look like an interesting theory for strut/shock adaptation. but, i would think there needs to be some electronic active control. i just can't see a passive system actually working. i was glad to see the 97-04 malibu finally made the recall list, not because i wanted it to, but because it needed to be on that list. my mother had to replace the ignition in her '03. her problem was a no start condition and it was due to a 'heavy' key chain, according to the dealer. there were a lot of keys on the key chain, but no more than were on it when she had her lebaron for almost 10 years. got my fusion back after 2 weeks at the dealer, so i'm out of car shopping mode for now. i can see a person buying one jaguar but to want another? maybe gg's sister lucked out and found an exceptional one. that is one big ugly car ! that's a pretty cool wagon but i can't help think mb lifted the idea from the dodge magnum during the chrysler days. t, dear, they were on sale..... that sounds intriguing.  i'd like to see the results of that installation. i would think they would recall that generation malibu and corporate twin olds cutlass because of the design defect that caused gaping rust holes around the fuel door.  almost bought one of those and am glad i didn't. whatever that design was, it wasn't just limited to those models. my olds intrigue had a similar problem and i often see luminas, aleros and many other gm cars of that era with rust there. i know on my intrigue you could not get at the area from under the car to apply rustproofing. i was apparently an unsealed double-panel area of some sort that let water and road salt get into the area. i'm checking the mazda dealer for oem springs.  if they don't have them i'll live. fezo, check rock auto. i got the rear lift gate struts for my explorer delivered under $50 for the pair. dealer price was around $80 each. they were an exact replacement (same manufacturer). rock auto is good.  sometimes amazon is even better if you have amazon prime and get free 2 day delivery. it does- at least in my experience with fsds on the ms3. quite well, in fact. fezo, my wife is always yelling at me about something, so i won't even notice yours doing it too.  so feel free to point the bus my way! don't forget the strut tower brace. that's a pretty cool wagon but i can't help think mb lifted the idea from the dodge magnum during the chrysler days. you have to be joking this compares to this; it's like saying a a lada niva started the suv craze i wouldn't mind a 2008 magnum srt8 for a cruiser. the '08 facelift was a huge improvement i didn't say they didn't make a prettier car, just that the concept of the swoop-back wagon was created by chrysler.  just like the pt cruiser started the crossover trend. the suv craze was started by jeep and land rover. like or not chrysler came up with some pretty good ideas that were built upon by others.  think minivans. also k - cars which were big sellers at the time.  one big mistake was the 1934 chrysler airflow...designed on airplane engineering.  a great car technically, ahead of the others, just that people thought it looked peculiar. my family had a "jeepster" back in the early 1950's. can't remember if it had 2 or 4 doors, but it was a hard top. my mom learned to drive in it. i would suggest it was started by amc in the '70s with the hornet sportabout. while there is no denying jeep was an early suv pioneer, the vehicle that normalized suvs for the american public was the original ford explorer. i remember getting excited about the concept caravan back in my tennessee days, late 70s, early 80s. probably because the previous minivan that had been in the family had a big bump in the rear over the motor, which hampered the usability. that was a 1969 vw bus, complete with an otherwise flat floor and a sliding door. amc hornet sportabout "while there is no denying jeep was an early suv pioneer, the vehicle that normalized suvs for the american public was the original ford explorer." how about the bronco? ld....mr shiftright and all the rest of you miscreants (as he types sarcastically)....not sure what my sister didn't like about the new jags.  personally, i think they're a whole ton better looking and performing than her "s".  plus, she likes the brand.  it may be her dealer (she lives in indianapolis).  i told her the dealer in cincy has a good rep.  buy it here, service it there. anyway, she finally test drove the 535ix and the rlx last night.  she likes both.  apparently, there is that much of a difference between how the 528i drives vs the 535i.  not really a surprise. that twin scroll turbo 3.0 6 cal is a gem. but, the  "gotcha" is the price.....well into the $60s the way she wants it cooked up. she really liked the rlx, too.  my guess, that's how she's leaning. regarding the mercedes e350, not sure what the issue was.  i know she was put off by the fact that for the kind of money they're asking, she didn't even get leather interior.  plus, bmw wooed her with the free 4 year maintenance and wear/tear coverage.  it's an extra charge (which isn't a small charge) for the mercedes. we'll see how this plays out.  her phone calls are coming fast and furious trying to get her to buy now.  when is the june sales month finished? no. when i say normalized i mean having soccer moms drive them to school to pick up the kids or to go shopping in, that sort of thing. the bronco never did that in any of its forms. the way the explorer took off in the early '90s among mainstream buyers really set off the suv craze. good luck to sis, i'm sure she'll make the right choice.  i still like the "exlusivity" of the xf (read  for every 10,000 e, 5, a6 sold, one xf is sold!). i'm sure the rlx is a nice ride.  but, man, that exterior, imho, is just as dull as dishwater!  my '05 tl was such a handsome design, hope acura can find that magic again... is obama really that bad? a quinnipiac university poll found him to be the worst president since wwii. at this rate he won't be on mount rushmore anytime soon. this thread is not meant to be political but presidential politics affect issues dear to our hearts, to wit jobs, healthcare, automobiles and petrol. obama is unfortunate to be presiding over a changing world order and america is not the sphere of influence it used to be. let's face it folks the geopolitical challenges of our times make us look weak. no president can change that momentum shift, not even .....(fill in the blank with your favorite president.) from all accounts i have read and seen this century belongs to china and to a lesser extent brazil. china needs raw materials on unprecedented scale and brazil is willing and able to satisfy their insatiable need. acura has been posting terrible sales figures except for the mdx. i would look real hard for money on the rlx. worst president ever but car production will surpass 16 million this year.  who the heck is buying all those cars.  must be you rich old guys because young people are broke these days. yikes, it's been 5 years since i last bought new. jay...there is trunk money on the acura rlx. don't go putting words in my mouth, i was just paraphrasing what bwia posted.  i may (or may not) agree 100% with your statement but i come here to forget politics. i'd like to gorget politics.  in fact, i'd like to forget i saw posts here about politics.  even when intentions are good, the conversation rarely goes well, so let's drop that one. help me gorget politics by giving me some advice. as you know, i am hot to trot for the new mustang coming soon.  based on the current options available for 2014 and considering that my budget limit is about $35k can you suggest what options  should i look towards putting on my new 2015 gt? so far i am thinking of the base model with auto and the brembo brake package.  i am techno- phobic so nav, bluetooth, backup cameras etc. hold no interest for me.  power and handling are my fantasy. what else should i consider? - and i got to invent a new word.  bonus! and you've been very good.  really, everyone has, and i'm sure there was no ill intent by anyone. i tried to tell you that.  i went into the dealership thinking i would buy a 528 but it underwhelmed me by a lot.  don't even consider it...it is just a big barge with handling like a camry.  no fun...no life.  sis knows her cars, she impressed me that she could see a difference.  having said that, i still wonder why she doesn't try a 335 unless she drives big distances or carries lots of kids. if she goes 5 series a 535 with an m package is the only way to go. btw...i agree with laura'sdad, the previous edition of the acura was a much nicer looking car.  if the new one performs well enough for sis and is within budget, go for it.  last time i sat in an acura was when i took my 535 to an acura dealer to have the bug shield put on.  personally, i really liked the fit and finish as well as the interior design of the bmw over the acura, but that was in 2012. really, really good snow tires! farmer, move to florida, and save on the snow tires! fyi, you can spec out the 2015 right now here on edmunds.  i just did, and the base car, at is $34,210.  they still have the performance package, including the brembos, but not available with the at.  about the only performance option is the expensive recaro seats, and a 3.55 axle, if you don't want to row your own gears. that is the v8 gt. i assume the 4 cyl is even higher?  but dang, these babies are pricey.  do you like the 2014 enough to save a boatload on a leftover?. bite your tounge! no mustang of mine will ever see snow. stick  thanks for that info.  i'll check it out.  talk to my wife about florida, please. from what i understand, the 4cyl. turbo is priced in the middle under the gt. that's just what you need -- a fun performance car on dead-straight roads inhabited by industrial-grade senile people. upstate new york gets my vote. when i built a mustang gt online, the performance package is only available on manual transmission models. just checked out the 2015 mustang on this site.  configured it as base gt, auto with no other option than special paint ($495).  tmv was msrp---$34615.  no discounts this early in which is to be expected. a little disappointed that the brembos weren't a stand alone like on the 2014.  the performance package seems more for a track car and i can't imagine 373 gears being kind to gas milage(must be a screamer though). the 2014gt with the regular rear end gets 26 highway same rating as my 6 cyl. eclipse. get a set of true winter tires and you will get around just fine. well he is regarded as one of the best when it comes to card magic. two words "international scout". first of all there is some pent up demand for new cars, secondly the population is larger. not me, i say we have to get to the bottom of this "xyz affair" and find out what president adams knew and when did he know it? to be fair to gm, they didn't really recall say 8million cars.  they recalled 2 million, 4 times each! yes, i made up those #s because i could do the math in my head. for 2014 you can get the brembos without the rest of the track package.  i like the idea of better brakes but they also tweak the stability control for(i assume) more fun handling. i don't think i'd need the full track package since...well, since i'm not that insane. brembo brake package 2014 front 14.0" brembo vented rotors with brembo 4-piston calipers; unique electronic stability control (esc) tuning; 19" x 9.0" dark stainless painted aluminum wheels with p255/40r19z 96w summer tires; tire mobility kit (replaces mini spare tire) $1,513$1,695gt what about teapot dome? there are a few buick vehicle owners here who said their gm cars have not been recalled.  on nbc nightly news they said every gm model has now been recalled except for the terrain, equinox and volt.  i know nbc is supposed to lean to the left (according to some people) but is that story true? the lacrosse has been recalled but not my 2012 in the latest fiasco. gm has discovered the since kia/hyundai's ten year warranty. (businessinsider.com) my 2011 regal has not been recalled (knock wood). my 2011 buick lacrosse cxs has not been recalled (yet?) i entered my vin and it says that although my particular car is not listed there might be a lag in updating their data base. i've gotten several notices that i have to bring my wife's pt cruiser in for an inspection to maintain the lifetime power train warranty.  does that count as a recall? on the mustang issue, i went to the ford site and built one just like on edmunds only with more option choices. one disappointment is that the 2015 only seems to come with black interior.  the 2014 offers a lighter interior as well. what's the big attraction with black interiors? first of all there is some pent up demand for new cars, secondly the population is larger. perhaps, but the 16 million production is far short of the 17.2 millions vehicle produced in 2002. as to politics, i was trying to make a broader point that this century belongs to china. in 2013 china produced and sold 18.7 million vehicles and gm's share is significant. point well taken, but the "worst president" comment was not mine. i was simply repeating a headline news story referencing the quinnipiac poll. by the way, an update to the china sales figures. "in 2013, sales in china rose 13.9 percent to 21.98 million vehicles, according to the china association of automobile manufacturers (caam)." and on june 19 ford opened 88 new dealerships in china in one day. yes, 88 dealerships on the same day. and mist if those cars are now stuck in a traffic jam! ld...driver....i owned a 3rd gen acura tl and two 4 gen tls.  i know the original 4 gen had polarizing style.  the current one is much more "acural-like".  i recall when i was invited to the unveiling of the (then) new 4th gen tl, i thought it was a bold styling move, but one that i liked.  i was way in the minority. however, the biggest difference was the way it drove, which was worlds better than the previous gen tl.  even today, after 3-4 model years of refinements, i'd put it up against awd lux sedans and dare anyone to find anything significantly better in its segment within $5k, maybe even $10k of its price.  i've tried. this isn't a slight to audi, mercedes, bmw, etc lovers.  just my personal opinion. of course, if i buy something else, that opinion may change.... it's just that every time i'm in need of a good car, for a variety of reasons, the tl has always been there to rescue me. my sister likes nice cars.  she values my opinion (which makes many debate her sanity).  she found the 3xxi to be too small.  if it were me, and as i told her, i'd look closely at the 335i gt.  it might be a dog styling-wise, but it has a ton of room.  she believes she needs that room.  not sure why.  she's in her early 60s, and her son is grown.  her husband drives a volvo x90, so if they need something big, they have that. she drives by herself mostly.  she learned to drive in the era of the big american iron.  she likes the size of bigger cars.  it's what she's used to. she thinks my past sports car fetish was frivolous. silly girl! gg, sis might just like one of these. she won't like paying for it, however. oldfarmer, i've been waiting to hear what other posters had to say about your possible mustang purchase. since i ordered the first 2013 v6 and traded for the gt off the lot i'm somewhat familiar with option packages. (ford is pitiful with options). first off, since you don't seem to listen to my advice i say go for the brembo brake package. you'll need it for all the 150 mph to zero stops you'll be doing and the regular brakes only work well at 90 or so. don't get a backup camera because the view out the slanted rear window is great as long as it's over 4 feet tall. the 3.55 posi rear which i have on both mustangs may not be important to you what with the rear end being so easy to control in rain, etc. don't bother with the recaro seats, they're just too comfy. and by all means, get the 4 cyl turbo so that when the turbo quits working you still have 92 hp to get you home. don't pay attention to any of this as i don't know much about mustangs. j/k of course. past fetish?  when did that pass?  f-type, 911/cayman, corvette(!), m4... now is not the time to "grow up," young man! i'm still an acura fan, i just could not live with the beak... boy this steams me.... texas alone now outproduces iraqi oil output.  for all intents and purposes, the u.s. controls the oil we use, and produce, for the entier country.  big oil's recent excuse, that china has driven up the cost of gas in the u.s. (which always seemed particularly bogus to me), is now debunked.  we don't need to pay those prices.  we produce our own. oh...btw....know what a gallon of gas costs in iraq?  the country we liberated? try about $1.50/gal. another letter/phone call to boehner, the white house, etc. none. ford is really bad for foisting them on customers though and people still buy them. i saw a newish taurus yesterday with a light color interior, had never seen that before. it's quite interesting that some of the most oil-rich countries have the most poverty and the most corruption.  you'd think such riches would be a boon to the population, but alas, that rarely happens. what the article fails to mention is that the methods needed for harvesting the "tight oil" requires fracking methods that are more expensive that traditional methods.  profitably drilling for "tight oil" can only be supported at higher oil prices.  if prices drop, those methods will be abandoned. i still get a little chuckle that people think there a correlation between oil production/prices and the price of gas.  the price of gas at the wholesale level is definitely controlled by the refiners.  since we don't have a real alternative to gasoline, the refiners are able to set prices where they want them.  the only way gas prices will drop dramatically is if the profit motive were eliminated and i highly doubt anyone would want to see oil nationalized, as for the price of gas in iraq, it doesn't matter.  they don't export gas - they export oil.  besides, just because the us "liberated" iraq, we are not entitled to their oil.  remember, that little skirmish wasn't about oil. hands out for a slapping for crossing the political line..... gg, i have owned several honda's, 2 legends, and 1 rl.  all at or near the top of my list, especially the acuras. i never owned a tl, but i would seriously consider one now if i was in the market. i think your sis would be very happy with a tl, or even happier with a good deal on the rlx. i think acura made a huge marketing mistake when they dropped the "legend" name. their biggest mistake was installing the beak-nose. what were they thinking? so what i'm getting from your tounge-in-cheek advice is that the brembos are unnecessary overkill.  still, would be nice to have that extra little bit of stopping power. who knows what mischief i'll get into. backup camera will be unnecessary for me since i hope to be always moving away from other objects...very quickly the 355 rear end might be doable if it doesn't eat the gas too bad.  what's the epa rating on your gt with that option?  the 373 gears while seductive probably are too much of a good thing.  the limit slip dif is a plus.  doesn't the standard gear set up have that? if not i'd have to consider the 355. recaro seats are pretty pricey so i don't see me getting those. 4cyl. turbo?  are you kidding?  not unless gas goes to $10/ gal. now i'll have to go rebuild the car and see what it will cost with these extras. yes, another huge mistake. well, unless i am misunderstanding your posts again, it looks like we might have a sales story before too long. i had my 08 outlook at valvoline instant oil change last week. they pulled out the air filter and even though it was not that bad, i let them change it for $21. i think this is the second change in 6 years and 59k miles. i let them change it for a couple of $$ more than i could have bought one for at wal-mart. i did the first one and remember the 6 torx screws and the difficulty. no way i will do that again when i can let them do it for $3-4 and save 45 minutes of my time.  i had already paid $20 to groupon for a $40 oil change, so the oil, oil filter &amp; air filter ended up costing me $48 total (including paying for an extra 1/2 quart over the 5 allowed in the std change) bill have build a mustang on the ford site? the optional rear axles are only available with the performance pkg. 3.55 for ecoboost perf pkg and 3.73 for gt perf pkg. it all depends on how much i get for the eclipse and how far i can stretch my social security check. at this point there's no question about if, only about when. i got the itch bad and short of my wife threatening to leave me over it,it will be scratched. nope, that's a 1953 buick skylark.  beautiful cars! yes, dropping the legend name was just a poor decision. we used to call rl's "renamed legends" when the beaks first came out i was working the floor in the honda section and acura was right next to us.  i head nothing but negative comments from the crowd. " oh what were they thinking?" " they ruined the looks of the front ends!" isel, it has always seemed to me that there was a little friction or competition between honda and acura. maybe as if the honda people resented acura in some way. would like to have your thoughts on this. yeah, you're right.  i didn't see that because i was configuring for auto and the performance package is only available with manual. bummer, no brembos, no killer rear end, no fun unless you want to pay an extra $2500 and shift for yourself. probably kill the gas milage anyway. a back up camera comes standard though. sometimes those performance oriented packages are great for the track, but don't work so well on an every day basis. i doubt you will disappointed with a mustang gt, no matter what the configuration. are you still leaning towards yellow? until you get the finances figured out, why not take a test drive when the dealer has one for you to "experience". it's fun and free and may help you settle on options. thanks for your insights mike. your opinions, especially with your background, are always welcome. my question was probably not very clear, but what i meant was if there was any friction at the corporate level. oldfarmer, i don't keep a log of mpg, but in general the v6 got 28 mpg and the gt gets 24 mpg. i could do better if i tried, but what's the point of getting 420hp then being a lightfoot. besides i live in the mountains so i only use gas going uphill. you summed it up pretty well for houdini and i agree with what you said. oh, sometimes we might refer to an acura tl as a "glorified v-6 accord" or we would call an mdx a "glorified pilot" and they were for the most part. nicer?  of course!  worth the difference in price?  up to the individual buyer. i have a couple of questions regarding buying a car, if i may.  i didn't want to start a new thread for simple questions, so hopefully this one will be ok.  first of all, do you have any hesitation in buying a 3-4 year old used car if said car was a lease return?  i do, because it seems to me that people i know who lease cars do not take very good care of them, especially maintenance.  i don't want engine/transmission trouble down the line, as i keep my cars for a long time.  i have always bought new, but that does have a price.  i would like to consider a clean 3-4 year old used car.  there are so many lease returns on the used market today, but i don't want to be "penny wise and pound foolish". second question is regarding turbo-charged engines.  i'm in my 60's, and a sizable number of people i have known over the years have had issues with turbos, especially after the warranty has run out.  i have never owned a turbo-engined car for just this reason.  but, there are more and more turbos coming out in the interest of gas mileage.  am i being silly not considering a turbo?  i guess i could get the extended warranty if i do get a turbo, but i really hate to have maintenance issues/hassles. do you all have thoughts on these questions?  thanks in advance for any answers. larry c thanks again mike. yes, that's the type of awkwardness i was talking about between the regular divisions and the luxury divisions. i would think there would be more examples like the one you mentioned between nissan and infiniti. how about toyota and lexus? any stories? independence day ! i hope everyone has a fun and safe 4th of july.  my dad used to bring home a big water melon and fireworks every 4th of july when i was growing up and we all would have a blast (pardon the pun) ! i have kept that tradition alive and will be enjoying my water melon tomorrow and watching all the fireworks displays ! does anybody have an opinion why vw's sales are plunging?  seems audi is doing fine, but vw is in the toilet.  my thesis is that toyota clone without toyota's reliability finally caught up with them.  they have always been below average with reliability, but driving experience, edgy styling and features were offsetting it.  they had a niche, but the fans were quite fanatic.  then they decided on cutting price with features (e.g. suspension, brakes on base versions are different than on upper trims) to raise sales.  the styling also went generic. worked initially, but now it seems you simply cannot outcamry toyota.  others tried it before and failed as well.  seems vw had to find it out on their own. my opinion is that vw doesn't really understand the us market. they need more models, faster turn-around and faster innovation. they just don't understand their competition. i suppose some people who lease cars skimp on maintenance but i think that most people are pretty good about oil changes etc.  i know i wouldn't be afraid myself. i'm not a big fan of turbos.  i'm sure they have improved but why have one when modern four cylinder engines can be more than adequate. thebean, i can offer only one opinion. others here may disagree. i too am skeptical of turbos. they run at very high speeds and require the best in lubrication and maintenance which may not always happen with a rental/lease vehicle. i had a friend with a 79 mustang 4 cyl turbo who had his turbo get fried just past the warranty and he was extra careful with maintenance. that was 79 and this is 2014, but i still don't like the idea of a turbo. naturally aspirated and free flow exhaust only for me.  dave i have owned three turbocharged cars(1984 thunderbird turbo coupe, 1991 volvo 744t, 2007 mazdaspeed 3) and i have only replaced one turbo. some early mazdaspeed turbos would smoke at idle and my car was one such example. it was replaced under warranty at 26kmiles. the replacement has been on the car for over 113k miles with no issues whatsoever. as for lease returns? i have yet to have a bad experience. depreciation is my friend; i've purchased several off-lease cpo bmws for the price of a new mid-range escape or camry. no regrets. short answer.  i took as good care for my leased cars as my owned ones.  i kept them in good shape because i may want to buy it back at the end of the lease.  also, the company i worked for paid for any maintenance or repairs, so sometimes work got done better than if it was privately owned.  i wouldn't hesitate to buy a leased used car, from a reputable dealer. also, i think if you take some care and pride in your car, it doesn't matter if it is owned or leased. i love turbo engines.  one of the great things to enjoy in driving today is the added boost of power a turbo gives....and i think it adds to your safety, for example coming onto a freeway. there is some risk, as turbos work hard, but, i personally would risk it.  i think i would seriously want at least a 2 year extended warranty on most used cars.....one electronic repair can cost $1000s, turbo or not. i would say you are better off with the 3-4 year lease than one that was a one or two year lease. the ones i knew that didn't take very good care of their cars were the ones that knew they were not going to have them very long. that being said there is not much maintenance required for a car in that first 48k miles other than oil changes and some inspections. as for the turbos, if you are light footed and only need the extra power that the turbo provides once in a great while then go for it. if your driving style or power needs from the engine require a lot of work from the turbo forget it. my understanding is that the turbo needs time between bursts to cool down and if you are engaging the turbo at each stop light you will burn it out. many 4 cylinder cars now have more than adequate power for most any real world driving. the wife's sonata has more than enough power for merging or passing. so unless you want high performance i would stay away from turbos. yes and no. i first saw the tricolor yellow in a ford magazine a ford nut at work slipped me and it looked nice then i saw that color on the ford site and it looked more mustard color so i guess i'll have to see it in person.  there's always my fall-back color--dark red. might do that even though i hate to be a "stroke" who wastes a salespersons time months before i plan to buy. thebean echoes my exact concerns about buying off lease cars. i would think the first thing to do is ask for service records to assure yourself that the previous owner at least did basic maintenance.  there's always the fear in the back of your mind that he beat it like a rental car for three years.  but that's true of any car. as to turbos i'm sure they build them better these days but why risk have an expensive part blow up when a non-turbo can do the job. excellent advice mike. "if you are buying a turbo, have your own mechanic check it over and drive it. he would be the one to notice undue hesitation and/or wear. today, many cars have turbos - just be careful and make sure you buy an extended warranty." i would recommend that a mechanic check out any  3 year old car, not just turbos.  after all you could be spending $15, $20k or more depending on the brand so it's essential.  i like the extended warranty idea too.  what's $1000 now to save many thousands later. way back in 87 i bought an off lease 84 chevy.  had my mechanic check it out and found several oil leaks which were repaired by the dealer as part of the negotiation.  turned down the extended warranty which was $300 iirc. about a week after the 30 day warranty expired it blew the ac compressor (like all gms) and cost me the same $300.  hate to think what i would have done with a turbo that blew. it blew the ac compressor (like all gms) i have never, never had an ac compressor fail on my gm cars. never. if you had seen the compressors from all the other companies taken apart and laid out side-by-side, you would wonder how the others even make it off the dealership lots before dying. in fact, for a time some other companies were using gm's compressors. i've owned(and will own) only one gm car, and the ac compressor  never had an issue. ditto for the three caprices my father owned. happy 4th of july!!! yes, imid, gm ac compressors have been used in many makes and models of cars throughout the years.  at one time, mercedes used only "fridgidaire" compressors (1992-1999).  that was as a result of horrible compressors being used in their cars.  i had 4 or 5 mercedes benz cars during the 80's and 90's, and all of them took for ever to cool the car down.  arguably, i lived in the california desert area for most of the 90's, and most compressors struggle in that kind of heat in the summertime.  but in the benz, it was awful.  now, the air-conditioning in their cars is outstanding.  even better than bmw - from my experiences with both brands. <strong>  rolls royce wraith sold on the third day </strong> that rolls royce wraith i posted about last week (brown/beige two-tone) sold on the third day it was wheeled into the boca town center mall, according to the sales rep who replaced it with a white wraith this morning.  it sold for msrp (of course).  he said the wraith is new for 2014, and built on the ghost platform.  660 hp out of a 12 cylinder twin turbo engine.  even with the wraith weighing in at about 5000+ pounds, 660 hp should move that rascal around quite well, i would think. the dealer (rolls/bentley of palm beach) also shows up with phantoms every so often.  that phantom is so wide and long, it would never fit well into my parking space.  so i guess i'll pass on buying one for that very reason!!! thanks for sharing. linda ronstadt is one of my favorite female signers, too bad parkinson's disease has destroyed her body. if you like jazz you will love her rendition of "what's new." just my opinion, but i don't think anyone who is satisfied with "adequate" would be a possible candidate for a car with a turbocharged engine. i have owned two cars that came equipped with turbocharged 4 cylinder engines, a 1985 dodge and a 2008 passat (still own that one).  i have had no negative experiences with the engines, but i bought both of them new and took very good care of them - frequent oil changes, always used synthetic oil, etc. i would be somewhat hesitant to buy a used car with a turbo.  i would want to know that it was adult owned, and properly maintained.  (i would buy a used turbo from myself, in other words! (smile) ) i would be leary of buying any high performance car used.  something with a big torquey v-8 (mustang gt, camaro ss) would worry me a good deal less than a high revving turbocharged 4 cylinder. leaving aside the turbo question, if i were in your position i would much prefer an off-lease car to a rental unit.  i think the rental cars are the ones that get abused horrifically. that was never really true.  what was true, many years ago before the widespread use of synthetic oil, was that you needed to allow the turbo time to cool down before stopping the engine.  these days, just use a high quality synthetic oil, and it is not a problem. i remember brock yates writing that in less than 25 years mercedes was transformed from a brand that was sold at studebaker dealers and beloved of eccentric college professors into one of the most respected/aspirational automobiles in the us and the world. blw followed a similar trajectory from 1955 to 1980, leaving behind the baroque angels and isettas and becoming the marque that was known for building iconic sports coupes and sedans. of course munich is now squandering that brand image by trying to be all things to all people, but i digress... sons jetta has a turbo.  i doubt any normal driver could tell as it is transparent. but quite quick, and an easy 37-38 highway,  good around town, all out of 1.8l on rug. that's interesting.  i've had nothing but bad luck. the aforementioned chevy, 82 olds, 91 olds, 84 corvette and just recently my son's 98 buick.  the only one still plugging along is the other son's 93 caddy.  i've had ford and chryslers stop cooling but a can of 134 made them work again. the gms all blew compressors. maybe i just have a gm jinx. i have a 2005 passat 1.8t with 115k miles and not one turbo issue. it it under powered with the ac on around town but once the turbo hits and get it into the power band, it does fine.  30 mpg on the highway with premium. stickguy - tell your son to use premium as recommended - using regular in the 1.8t is a false economy. turbos are the "substitute for cubic inches" that you keep hearing about that have no substitute so yeah, a 1.6 or 1.8l engine pushing 3,000+ pounds needs a turbo, but a 2 or 3 liter engine probably doesn't.  it's really up to you to decide if the car you are considering really has the "grunt" (torque) to get you away nicely on freeway ramps and up long steep inclines. nobody wants to be stuck in an underpowered car with passengers screaming up a hill in 3rd gear. modern turbos are efficient and long-lived, and aren't really all that expensive to replace at the end of their service life. so if you need a dinky car engine to go faster, or you need a high performance car to go scary-fast, or you have a diesel-powered car or truck, then you need a turbo; otherwise, i don't see why you do. everything in life is a trade off, isn't it?  back in 2008, i could get a passat with a 4 cylinder and turbo, or a camry with the v6.  both were fast, and fun to drive.  but the passat was more fun, and about the same money, so ... if i had bought the camry, it would have cost a bit less for routine maintenance over the 103k miles i have owned the car, and it would have a higher resale value now.  but the difference is not that much, and i have enjoyed the passat.  so like the man said, <strong>  speaking of hurricanes </strong> i was pretty amazed that a small, insignificant low pressure area off the coast of st.augustine, fl, could develop in just 3 days from a "nothing" into a hurricane.  usually these storms organize in the gulf of mexico this time of year and later in the hurricane season, off the coast of africa as they travel across the mid atlantic toward the east and west indies. it's very ominous for a category 2 hurricane to form so close to the mainland u.s.  i understand that the gulf stream influenced this fast organization.  i thought the el nino in the southeast pacific was going to inhibit hurricane development this year.  guess the meteorologists got that one wrong. <strong>  ...and while we're on the subject of turbos </strong> i honestly don't understand why mercedes put twin turbos in the base cls 550.  i can understand it in the amg models, but why the base cls 550?  a 4.7 litre v8 should have more than enough torque and hp without the use of turbos.  accelerating from 35 mph on the highway to 70 mph can give you whiplash in my car.  without twin turbos, how much "thrust" would i lose? in my opinion, horsepower is like some other things(that i won't mention on a family-oriented forum) <strong>  some </strong> is good. <strong>  more </strong> is better. <strong>  too much </strong> is just enough... we were? it's pretty normal i think. not sure i would call it ominous. the hype up here has been unreal of course. the media really needs to throttle back the fear-mongering. this thing is now going to mostly miss us and bring a bit of wind tomorrow but that's about all. nevertheless they are telling people to fill their bathtubs, buy bottled water and canned food, etc. ridiculous. i imagine we will be playing golf here around suppertime. the media has lost all sense of balance in reporting on weather. they could serve a valuable role by informing us of real threats when they happen. instead they overblow every little thing whether a threat or not, and as a result the public becomes desensitized. that in turn makes fora real problem when a big threat appears and people just blow it off as another false alarm. amen to that ! heading to the outer banks at the end of next week. hopefully, hurricane season isn't starting early this year. man never satisfied....it's true what you say. of course, there is such a thing as too much power in a car with a poor chassis and brakes...i believe the term i'm groping for is "death trap". as you know from your time viewing others on the track-- "if you are a lousy driver with 200hp, you're going to be really bad with 400hp". i've had a lot of turbo and sc cars--the only thing i don't like about <em>  some </em> turbos is peakiness---a big on/off switch.  nowadays, "turbo lag" is rather rare in a modern car. nowadays, "turbo lag" is rather rare in a modern car. we have a buick encore with a 138 hp, awd, 4 cylinder, 6 speed transmission with turbo. since i never had a turbo charged vehicle before i cannot tell the difference since the cuv takes 10+ seconds to 60. a friend of mine was the bmw club's national driving event coordinator for years, and he always said that he wished that he could start every novice student out in a dead stock bmw 1600 with 165/80r13 michelin xas tires. students would learn about conserving momentum and threshold braking as well as experience how the friction circle principle works at a relatively low speed. today's cars are equipped with such effective traction and stability control systems that they can convince a ham-handed driver that he/she actually knows what he/she is doing. despite the admonitions from a few hand-wringing bedwetters, rb jr.'s first car was a 1975 2002- dead stock save for bilstein hds, e21 recaros, and a weber 32/36 dgav. i told him that if he drove it for a year with no accidents or tickets i'd allow him to upgrade, and he did- to my wife's 2004 x3. he actually told me that he thought that if he got something fast he'd only get into trouble... what are some people thinking? i was at the store today and in the parking lot i saw a nissan pickup that had been entirely painted with what looked like that spray on bed liner stuff. it looked awful. i was just getting use to the flat black paint fad....but this? maybe it was that plastidip stuff?  seems to be fairly popular with some (no idea why, but its their vehicles) is that what they call it?  i googled "truck painted with bed liner" and came pretty close.  the plasti dip photos didn't look as bad. some of those paint colors available on the mustang cost extra. based on my mom's fiesta, it is worth it. her car has extra cost candy red paint. it just pops. now that truck is what i would call u-g-l-y. someone mentioned gas for the jetta.  the new vw 1.8t motor is designed and recommended to run on regular. yes, the yellow is $495 extra and the red is $395 extra. a mere pittance when you are trying to get your "baby" to look just right. a bargain i would say.  when we looked at a4s in 2008 my wife wanted to know how much it would cost to get an a4 in s4 yellow.  audi would paint the car yellow on the s4 line for $4000! $495 sounds like a bargain! 4-500 bucks may be a pittance for some but for grinders, it represents a challenge that gives meaning to their car shopping souls. i've had nothing but bad luck. the aforementioned chevy, 82 olds, 91 olds, 84 corvette and just recently my son's 98 buick. i'm sorry that you've had bad luck. i just traded in my 98 with 201,000 and 16 years. if cars were bought used, i wouldn't know if someone else had used some of the improper additives to try to refill the system or doctor it if something is leaking. i believe in general gm's ac compressors and systems along with transmissions are well-regarded parts for quality and reliability. but there will be bad ones just as with all the other groups, even premium vehicles. gm has things they can be criticized for but i am uneasy when the generalizations are put out and then repeated by others across the platforms for talk, which tends to smear the parts and brand unfairly. oldfarmer, hold that thought about the mustang for a second.  how about a 2015 dodge challenger srt hellcat with 707 horsepower?  it comes with 2 ignition keys, one gets you up to 500 hp, the second key gets you to the top. the chrysler group has just announced the official specs for the 2015 dodge challenger srt hellcat and with a shocking, stunning and absolutely amazing 707 horsepower and 650lb-ft of torque, the supercharged challenger is the most powerful american production car ever – if i buy a modern ponycar it will either be a boss 302 laguna seca or a hellcat; no other domestics interest me in the slightest. the line x paint has slowly become a choice for off roaders - it doesn't scratch - or for those who want to look like they off road. sure gives you the horsepower bragging rights but the challenger is so heavy that a lot of that power is wasted just getting it moving.  at 4200 pounds that's 600-700 pounds more than the mustang. like the camaro i just can't love the styling.  while it's not a bad looking car there's just something that looks a little off about it. too bad because as an old chrysler fan i'd love it to be a winner. 4200 lbs is a lot of weight and it very much enjoys going straight even if you want to turn. yeh, but who cares, what time it do 0 to 60 in? i think the current challenger with the largest engine weighs about 4200. this one has a lot more hardware. another thing. how much is it going to cost? the current gt500 is in the 50k range. 2012 800 hp, 2013 958 hp (street version) here is a pic of my mom's fiesta. it was washed a few weeks ago. notice there is some brake dust on the from wheels.  the black escape in the picture was waxed a couple of weeks ago. " that's a nice red color.  did you wax it for her? wasn't the mazda tribute the same as the escape? the reason i ask is that my sister-in-law had a tribute and last year it suddenly accelerated in reverse and took the corner off a building totaling it.  she said it was a recall problem that she neglected to fix. i had never heard of either car having an ua problem and she suffers from ms so i always wondered if she hit the gas but didn't know it. , i did wax the fiesta a few months ago. the escape did have a recall for the cruise control, but i think it had to with it not disengaging. i don't think too many people put the cruise control on to drive in reverse. thanks to all that responded to my questions.  lots of good info there, especially the advice to stay away from 1-2 year old lease returns.  i am going to take any used car i consider to my mechanic for a good going over.  that's money well spent, i think.  still not sold on a turbo, as i don't drive fast much at all and seldom need that quick of an acceleration.  hopefully, the cars i consider will have decent sized 4-bangers. your answers have been a huge help.  thanks again for taking the time to respond. larry c larry, when you actually buy your car come back and tell us all about it. <u>  update </u> the rav4 was shipped after going through a 139 point check. let's hope the checks were other than perfunctory. it will take about two months to get there as the vessel makes numerous stops along the way. although the starting price was u.s. $2,550 but after transportation, import duties, environmental tax, and broker's fee, the final drive-off price will be u.s. $13,100. and that is a bargain versus buying locally. my other alternative was to ship a vehicle from boston for much less, but it would have been a left-hand drive. since they drive on the left side of the road in the english-speaking caribbean islands i wanted a reliable right-hand drive vehicle; thus the complicated procedure of buying directly from japan. wish me luck "although the starting price was u.s. $2,550 but after transportation, import duties, environmental tax, and broker's fee, the final drive-off price will be u.s. $13,100. and that is a bargain versus buying locally." wow! over $10k in fees and taxes on a $2500 car. i hope transportation was a big part of that. here is a rough break-down of the final cost cost.............................................................   $2,550 transportation + insurance.........................      2,080 cif (cost, insurance, freight)......................    4,630 port charges (govt. taxes) 148% of cif..... 6,714 commissions..............................................   1,050 other fees and bribes................................. <u>  707 </u> total.......................................................... $13,100 "other fees and bribes" lol, some things never change. cost............................................................. $2,550 &gt; transportation + insurance......................... 2,080 good car-buying story. thanks for posting. those fees are beyond nuts especially the port charges!! but, if you get the turbo maybe you will learn to drive faster. really, if you don't use it there is no sense paying for it and paying more if something goes wrong.  i prefer a turbo if i can swing it, i think it is safer being able to accelerate or change lanes....or, sometimes even pass, but if you adjust your driving to the car you are using it isn't a problem. good luck and thanks for reporting back, not everyone does which isn't very thoughtful....and, yes, tell us what you buy. fascinating sales story.  how a $2300 car becomes a $13k car.....it's like a magic trick. what i would keep in mind though, is; your mileage is going to be low so this car could easily last 10 or 20 years, which brings the yearly cost down to $1300 or maybe even $700 a year. you may trade the car in one day and you will recoup a lot of that initial payment, so the car will never cost you the full $13k. in 10 years that $70 a day to rent a car will be about $140 unless there is serious deflation. it is a perfect car for getting around in a holiday spot. we have friends who are going to rent a susuki 4 wheeler for 3 months in costa rica.......$1200 a month. they can get a high mileage old big american car for a lot less, but it could break down easily. remember, if you leave the car for over 6 to 8 months you may want to add stab-il to the gas tank and inflate the tires before you leave. it looks brand new.  enjoy! , that has to be the most unique sales story posted here. and congrats on your purchase. "$2500 car becomes a$13,000 car" makes it easy to understand the stagnant economies in countries like that. that's the biggest "document" fee we've seen reported here on edmunds. how about importing to the phillippines? every car is subject to an average rate of 40% customs duty, around 10-12% vat and ad valorem tax from 15-100%. (based on piston displacement). so for a big american boat, it might cost 152% the value of the car plus the shipping, insurance, land transport,  etc.  so a $10,000 car might end costing you about $28.5k this import story shows how good we have it here when it comes to cars.  many countries charge king's ransom for those transactions in terms of taxes, which causes volumes to be much lower, which raises prices even higher.  double whammy.  so when new car cost double of tripple of prices here, then used market is also smaller, ie residuals are actually higher and that's how it still pays off to import something to those places, even if taxes and fees are quadruppling the starting price. to keep it simple, a car would cost you about 20% more to buy in canada, without the exchange calculated, because that varies.  that 20% is pretty close to the numbers you gave. the exchange rate varies, right now the u.s dollar is worth about $1.08, or almost another 10% difference. the passat cost $23k in florida, here it would have cost $27 to $28k.  and, many cars are built in canada still cost 20% more here.  some reason are less population so higher costs to ship, real estate is much higher (avg price of a home is about $360k), salaries are higher, taxes are higher, health costs, etc.  20% seems excessive to me, 10% would be more realistic. from what i can figure out, a car in england will cost about 160% of what a car would cost in the us.  mostly due to built in taxes...those taxes support a very, by us standards, liberal government, and a costly place to live. hope that is of some help.  i guess that is another reason you are fortunate to live in the us. best lol of the day. makes it easy to understand the stagnant economies in countries like that. there may be some advantages.  bwia likes to go there to get away from it all.  maybe no highways, traffic, dog eat dog society has some advantages.  i don't think it is for me, but, maybe low gross national productivity and a stagnant economy is more enjoyable to some people. some people may be content even if they don't have a new mustang, or 535! the nbc story can't be true because my '09 cadillac srx has not been recalled. richard i totally agree.  i've owned several gm cars and never had a problem with the ac compressor.  also, remember that i live in the south where it is very hot four months out of the year.  our ac systems get plenty of workouts. richard your post reminds me of a good friend who purchased a new bmw in 1970.  he bragged about the quality, performance, outstanding materials and workmanship, etc.  his was the only bmw in town and people just laughed and walked away.  i think that by now he is the one who has had the last laugh.  he recognized something that the rest of us didn't have a clue about in 1970. richard we were at cape hatteras and were forced to leave thursday morning.  god was with us because my bil got much worse thursday night and we were able to take him to the hospital at home.  hospice has been called in so it won't be long now....oncologist figures about two weeks.  we came home yesterday to check on house and wash some clothes.  we'll be going back tuesday.  my sister really needs us now. richard when i saw the picture of that truck, i knew that there was no accounting for taste on the part of some people. richard best wishes on your new purchase.  hope it turns out to be exactly what you wanted. richard nyccarguy used to worry about me disappearing.  now he seems to have disappeared.  has anyone heard from him lately?  i miss his posts.  i also miss jmonroe.  he hasn't posted in a long time. richard &gt; i can't find anything on the nbc website to clarify what they said.  maybe, what they meant was.......every gm brand has been recalled, except for the 3 they said weren't recalled.  i believe there are 36 brands.  so, maybe not necessarily every car....but every brand name has been recalled over the last year.  just guessing, because they saiod it fast and it was a short story, but, i can't find anything to confirm what they said. good to hear from you....we were all getting worried about you.  your bil is fortunate to have such nice caring people watching over him.  hope it goes as well as possible. we first stumbled on st. lucia many years ago on a caribbean cruise. the island is beautiful and close to what hawaii looked like 30 years ago. what we like most is the warm days and cool nights (because of the constant trade winds) and the ability to go to nearby martinique for a cozy french lunch or dinner. the stagnant economy syndrome is a product of the world bank and imf. these impoverished and developing countries borrow heavily for infrastructural development and education and to repay these loans they tax the local citizenry at unconscionable rates. richard - nyc is around; he's been posting lots of questions in various leasing discussions as he begins his search to replace the bmw that comes off lease at the end of september. sorry to hear richard, but in this situation it is good you had time together, and with all the pain the end really is a relief, especially for him.  hospice is wonderful people. and nyc is around.  probably just busy out test driving since he needs a car this summer!  monroe wanders by occasionally. idid another search and found out what nbc did mean.  they actually meant that of the 36 major lines gm sells, every model has been recalled except for 3. so, not every car, just every line has been recalled except for 3, terrain, equinox and volt. not sure why that would really get mentioned...it doesn't mean a lot really, but, does make the situation look worse. now that is something i can park in the gg grand auto estate! man, do i ever want to get behind the wheel of that car.  of course, that's going to be one of those cars that the dealers won't let you test drive unless you give them some sort of deposit.  and, that's something i just won't do. ok...we were gone over the 4th so i must have missed bwia's purchase. so, help me understand.....you bought a ~$2,500 from japan to send to somewhere in the caribbean....for $13,000 due to taxes and fees? i'm ignorant of laws and regs of most island countries, but there isn't an easier, better, cheaper way to do that?  why buy it in japan? we have florida friends who do something similar.  they live in florida all year and they find july, august and september get just too hot and humid.  so they rent a beautiful home in the mountains in costa rica for 3 months....about $1600 a month for a luxurious home, swimming pool, maid etc.  temperatures are in the 70s constantly, no need for heat or air conditioning.  they walk into town and get a beautiful meal for $4! we are planning on visiting one year.  i'd like to see some of the wildlife....nature kind,....those colorful frogs and birds! i don't know if most americans would want to live that way constantly, but, it could make a nice break from our hectic pace of life.  even a slow life.  i remember once the only numbers i needed to remember was my house and phone numbers.  now i have a few phone numbers (home, business, cell), various passwords and pin numbers, social insurance number, cell phone numbers for my wife and friends (don't know how to add them to memory),  100 years ago you just had to get up, plough your fields, come home, have dinner and go to sleep, today we make 100s of decisions every day....hmm, like now i am thinking what i will eat for lunch. thanks for letting me know about nyccarguy.  glad that he is doing ok.  he's a fine young man. richard thanks for checking on that news item.  though it is a tremendous amount of recalls, perhaps barr has the right idea.  if she recalls them all now, then maybe gm can start with a clean slate once the repairs are all completed.  with the lawsuits and repairs, gm will have to unload many, many big bucks.  i hope that they can survive, though i would have to vote against another bailout.  i do think that gm has some nice styling in several of their new models.  i also believe that they are capable of building good cars.  they certainly did it for many decades. richard if you run into either one of them, let them know that we miss them here.  thanks. richard i was watching motorweek yesterday and they profiled the new z28 camaro.  wimpy little 505hp. but it looked to be screaming fast.  it is so track oriented that ac is optional. to get right hand drive. now that is something i can park in the gg grand auto estate! i know what you mean.  i don't have much interest in any chrysler products at this time, but that challenger is something i wouldn't mind trying out.  i have been having dreams about driving one. unfortunately, i think if i bought one of those i won't have a home to come back to again, i may have to live in it. it can cost $900 transportation cost to ship a car from detroit to dayton ohio.  $4000 for shipping from japan to st lucia doesn't seem so out of line.  also, if you take a car to florida and register it there that could cost a few $100.  you pay state tax based on the value, i think it is 5% so easily $1000.  at least there is no doc fee, but we are up to about $3000 in fees in the us to get a car too. caribbean--- third world ambience, first world plumbing! hello richard!  i'm still around.  i see they changed the topic name.  that means you must have hit 100k posts on the old sftsf.  mazel-tov!  i'm still around and posting very actively on other discussions here on edmunds.  i'm keeping the hosts busy by asking them lease rates and money factors on a variety of different cars. truth be told, i grew tired of opening up 3 pages of "fox news this,"  "nbc is better because," "cnn tells it like it is," as well as the political banter.  i didn't have anything to productive or insightful to add, so i stopped watching the discussion.  it is good to know i'm missed) i'm doing well.  thanks for asking.  just dropped back in to say a quick hello.  i'll post some more during lunch) speaking of, is still posting? haven't heard from you on "ccba" in a while.  i worry about you.  glad to see you are still around. the hunt for my next car (sales story here, punch over on ccba) is as wide and varied as the landscape and people who make up this great nation.  i'm in the process of trying to renovate my kitchen.  with me providing 85 - 90 % of the material, labor costs are going to run a lot higher than my wife and i anticipate.  once we receive our tax refund next year (for 2014) and save up some more money, then we should be good to go by next spring. so the plan is to lease something for my wife who does mostly around town driving.  i can safely lease her a car with 12k per year as opposed to the 20k plus i need and still keep the price reasonable. i will take her pilot as my daily driver and use my prelude as often as i can on beautiful spring and summer days. i'll "pretend" i'm still making bmw payments.  when i make the new car payment, i'll put the balance of my "bmw payment" into my savings account. obviously if she needs the pilot for any reason (shuttling all 3 kids somewhere), it is hers. redoing my kitchen and cutting down on my car payment also helps me in the long run.  as of yesterday, we've officially been connecticut residents for 4 years.  once i redo the kitchen &amp; show a lower debt to income ratio, i can apply to refinance my house for 25 years (maybe 20, but i won't push my luck).  i'll qualify for a lower mortgage rate (currently paying 5.125%).  i'll be able to stop throwing away money every month on pmi (mortgage insurance). so far, i've only test driven a 2014 vw passat tdi which i really liked.  i'm also going to give the honda crv ex awd as well as a civic ex sedan a test drive too.  if i go with the vw or the civic, i'll have to buy snow shoes for it.  the crv is awd, so it sill get me through the winter without problems. i forgot all about pmi.  damn, i hated the whole idea of it.  what a scam. check out the mazda cx-5 too if looking at the crv.  much nicer to drive.  and the 6 vs. passat, though the accord is very nice too.  civic, just to small, tinny and poor driving for family duty. pmi drives me absolutely bonkers.  when i bought my house 4 years ago, i only had 10% to put down.  so i have to pay pmi - 2% tacked on to the back end of my mortgage plus $230 every month. then they changed the rules.  rates plummeted significantly not too long after i closed (1%+ lower).  they only tacked 1% on to the back end of the mortgage, but then the monthly was over $500.  so even with a full 1% cheaper interest rate, my mortgage payment would have gone up. so i really hope i can redo my kitchen, then refinance next year with a "traditional" mortgage.  have a cheaper payment plus no pmi! that actually sounds like a great promotional idea for a car dealer to use to promote new cars.  $7 a day is probably not enough to cover real costs but $20 a day probably would.  say i needed a rental car for 5 days.  i see my local hyundai dealer and get a new sonata for 5 days or $100.  i might really like it or recommend it to someone....seems like a good way to advertise cars and drum up business. today they drive buicks maybe they have dementia ! tastes change but i kind of went the other way.  i didn't know what a bmw was in the 70s and i lusted for a buick back then.......but today i would say a buick is a fine car, but i really lust for a bmw or similar car. what one person likes at a particular point in time doesn't mean too much.  they may like the buick because it is more comfortable or performance and handling just aren't as important to them.  or they feel more secure and don't need a bmw to keep up with the neighbors.  or, maybe they are living on their retiremant savings and are trying to be more economical.  i don't think it means buicks are better cars necessarily. it's so nice to hear from my fine young friend.  i was getting a bit worried because i'm the one who usually disappears. don't worry about the political talk here.  when the new thread began, we all agreed to forego political topics.  it has been working out fine. as usual, you are thinking about your future financial goals.  i'm very proud of you for doing that.  the lease at this point sounds like a smart move.  it will save you money in order to plan for the kitchen redo.  i can understand your frustration with that pmi payment.  the important thing is that you purchased a home which builds equity down the road.  keep working and planning as you are now; it will all come together in a couple of years. do post your lease story here.  we'll all be interested in what you decide.  don't be a stranger and thanks for reporting in to us.  best of luck to you. richard i agree the cx5 might be a better drive, but it is very hard to ignore the crv's 62% residual value &amp; cheapo money factor. a civic for my wife to drive 2 1/2 miles to &amp; from work either by herself or with our 2 boys would be fine.  or if she's running errands around town with our daughter on her day off would work too.  if i've got to take it, it can't be an noisier than my prelude. i'm also going to look at subarus.  foresters have very high residuals right now (65%), but very poor money factors (close to 4%).  the current lame duck legacy &amp; outbacks aren't being backed by crazy incentives - yet. i will do that.  it's a promise.  it could be a while before i make up my mind, but i will sure report back when i do. larry c actually, i would agree with that statement.  each of us has a point where we say, "this is too much.  it simply isn't worth that much."  each one of us is going to draw that line in the sand at a different point, it might be for the bmw, or for the lamborghini, or for the rolls royce.  but there is a point beyond which we will not go. at one point, quite a few years back, i was stuck with a pmi.  i didn't think too much about it when i first got the mortgage, but with every passing year it bothered me more and more.  the house (and land) appreciated rapidly, and after 5 years i had much more than 20% equity, probably around 35 to 40%.  but the mortgage company would not yield, i had to refinance to get out of the pmi.  and the fees on the refinance cost me nearly $5,000. the mortgage industry is a racket.  they make car dealers look like innocent school boys. the resale value on a cr-v is crazy high.  i can't imagine who would pay that much for a used one (instead of just buying it new), but obviously people do it every day. the mortgage industry is a racket .  they find a way to take money from you in every single way possible.  it isn't enough that they literally make hundreds of thousands of dollars off 1 single loan (in interest), they make you pay for insurance to make sure they get paid.  you need a copy of a payoff statement faxed to you?  $20.  yes, $20 each time you call someone, they pull up your file on the computer, &amp; hit send.  now that many people are refinancing, there is a $120 processing fee from the current mortgage company.  they get you coming and going. very true.  i just happen to know some cases of people who could afford a better car, but, saving money is more important.  it is nice to be practical and not overspend, but there is a point when some people also don't spend enough.  in the case i am thinking about, the person lives without many nice things that could add enjoyment to his life, but saving money is more important, so he will leave a few $million to relatives who he doesn't really even like. me, i am going to leave my loved ones with all my overdo bills! i could not agree more. we have all been through it, but when we bought our current home 8 years ago, we were thankfully able to pay cash.  i was shocked when we went to the title company to close. we gave them a check for the house and another check for about $75. for recording fees etc...and that was it. since then my son and i have bought and rehabbed 4 additional houses, paying cash for all of them and selling each one for a nice profit. only used a realtor once. the old saying that it takes money to make money is true, so start saving while you are young. still have to pay those darn real estate taxes each year though...and they keep increasing. grrrrr. i don't have a problem with taxes here in the mountains of virginia. my problem is with insurance. seems like only a few years ago it was 3 or 4 hundred per year. all of a sudden it's closer to $800 per year for house insurance and of course they have disclaimers about water damage and acts of nature (not included). hey, i have a facebook page if anyone else has one. dave rodham is mine and if you can't see my pics, just friend me with your edmunds handle and i'll friend you back so you can see all. i have not fared as well as you in the real estate market;) we sold our condo in the nyc suburbs for a loss of approximately $80k.  that money we lost (even if we could have just broken even) was the extra 10% we needed to make the "standard" 20% down payment.  so i'm stuck making pmi payments until i can refinance.  i wish i had the time &amp; the capital to flip houses.  being in the plumbing supply business gives me access to so many things at cost. having never had a mortgage i'm unfamiliar with mortgage insurance pmi. is that like gap insurance on cars? or is it more like life insurance? yikes! how could you lose money in one of the most expensive real estate markets in the world?  wait? you sold 4 or 5 years ago at the bottom of the market, right? ouch! timing is everything. i keep track of condos for sale down in largo as one of my retirement fantasies. in this one particular development the $160k condos cost $50k in 2009 but have crept back up to $80k today.  i guess i missed my moment. don't worry brad, you are young and have plenty of time to make your way. you would have made a good partner for my son and me. i supplied the capital, he supplied the labor and know how, and you could have supplied the materials. maybe you should find someone you know and trust to team up with. we just closed on the sale of my wife's grandmother's townhome yesterday. she passed in march and the house had been transferred to my fil and his brother many years ago. sadly, my fil passed 8 years ago so his half ownership transferred to my wife and her sister. it, too, needed major updating but the buyer is looking to renovate the property and use it as a rental for college students (property is in ft. collins, home of csu). all cash deal on his end. now to deal with the proceeds - taxes, lawyers, cpas, etc. there might be enough to buy a new car when all is said and done - not that that's what the wife will do with the money, mind you. farmer, yeah, pmi is kind of like gap, to protect the lender from taking a loss if they have to repo. the property. and in terms of losing in a down market, that really only happens usually if you are cashing out.  normally the replacement house is also down in value, so it is basically a wash (or better in % terms if going upmarket) for some people, living like a pauper despite having millions in the bank, is it's own reward. not spending money brings them joy. it takes all kinds -- to each his/her own. i believe handling all the recalls thoroughly and quickly, even going to the extreme as to what things are recalled has been the best way to handle this. and it gets people into the doors of the dealerships. some people get a loaner and decide maybe it's time to trade their car in for service for something newer that they drove for a couple of days. it's helping sales. thanks for all the kind and supportive words everyone. just as said, it is insurance that protects the bank to make sure they get paid if i default on the mortgage.  it is very expensive.  $12k tacked on to the back end of my mortgage (which i pay interest on) plus an additional $230 per month (over $11k in the 4 years i've owned the house).  the whole thing is a scam.  i borrow money and pay interest on it.  i also have to pay for the bank's insurance (as well as pay interest on it). i bought the condo in january 2004 and sold it in april 2010. i don't feel bad about it.  the best thing i did was sell my condo.  it was built in the early 1970s and the buildings themselves needed constant care which meant major assessments every month on top of the common charges.  your condo might need updating, but at least you've got a beautiful 2014 mercedes-benz cls 550 i saw a sexy, white, cls 550 4matic the other day and said to myself  "i haven't heard from mike in a while, i'll have to check in with him." i firmly believe that everything happens for a reason.  if i would have taken the 1st offer on my condo, i never would have found my current home as it wouldn't have been on the market yet.  i'm a little far from kansas city to go into business with you and your son.  if i don't get my kitchen done this year, it will be next year. i'm a fantastic husband, father, son, &amp; uncle.  that's what i pride myself on. top luxury brands 1. bmw 2. mercedes benz 3. lexus 4. audi 5. cadillac according to cnbc tv, sales of all luxury brands were up except for cadillac that was down 1.2%, dragged down by the ats. the elr is a major disappointment as only 390 units were sold in june. speaking of mortgages, the high end real estate market is on fire driven by the chinese and canadians. the chinese angle i can understand, but canadian? oh, i agree.  but, i don't think it is the best way to be.  it is nice to see people who live well within their means.  on the other hand, having one broken down tiny 30 year old hitachi washer/spin dryer, no air conditioner, not paying for extra cable when he could use the channels, not having air conditioning, wanting to use up anything in the freezer even though it is past the expiry date by years, giving us letters to mail for him and they never have a stamp on them, burning old newspapers and cardboard in the fireplace, etc. etc. is not using the money he has wisely. sure he loves to see it in the bank, but there is a fine balance between saving and getting the most possible out of life, even if you are a careful spender.  what is the point in accumulating money if you will not spend it just to buy some necessities. &gt; all i know is canadian real estate never really lost ground in the recession.  year over year prices are up 10%!  but, homes in the us are a bargain, and it is hard to find ways to invest these days and make a profit.  comparable homes in canada are probably 3x or 4x more expensive.  canadians are big buyers in florida and arizona right now.  for what we paid for our florida place you couldn't buy a garage in toronto for that. btw....it is a good thing canadians are helping to stabilize the real estate market. re the elr by cadillac.  the car gets 5 out of 5 on edmunds.  but, how many people buy a 2 door personal car.  i have no idea why gm would build the solscice or the vue...2 seater sports cars when the biggest sellers are 4 door cars like camry or fusion.  why pour money and resources into a vehicle that will be of limited interest?  looks like elrs are about $75k with very limited discounts, so they are keeping the price artificially high.  gm shouldn't even be in that market....few are. re $12k tacked on to the back end of my mortgage'. i've never heard of that. monthly premiums for pmi, yes. "...i'm a fantastic husband, father, son, &amp; uncle. that's what i pride myself on..." and that's what really matters. canadians? that's a bit odd. the economy is doing ok but isn't on fire. the exception is alberta where the oil sands are causing a boom. maybe it's rich albertans wanting a luxo-home where it's warm. canadians are buying property in florida and arizona, some for investment and some for a place to go in the winter.  many retired seniors are downsizing and can afford a 2nd home in the us. a lot of people have saved and have pensions they know they will be able to manage.  you can buy a condo or small home for the price of an rv camper vehicle.  you can get a nice home for $150k to $200k in the us.  renting can cost almost $1000 a week - could add up if staying 6 months.  it is hard to find anything you would want to live in for under $300k in most cities in canada.  though the canadian economy isn't booming, it is steady, and people with a stream of money are willing to spend it on things they want....like escaping a miserable winter. well, i can't read back 185 posts right now.  was up at sloan monday and they don't like what my platelets are up to.  that's been a month now.  i had just hit the once every three months checkup and now i'm back to once a month.  nothing dire but it isn't good.  i suspect a low grade but persistent infection but that's just a guess. it's kind of put my energy at zero but we still went out to a concert that was kind of a celebration for me getting this far.  i paid for anyone that was a caregiver.  not that i have that kind of money but these are people who put themselves on the line when i needed that.  i owe them. doing another show this saturday with one of the guys from that show same place this saturday and then sunday heading out for 12 days more or less to do the great lakes somewhat and visit my donor's family. that trip will be in the newly updated mazda.  i have more or less decided on a "fun car" and spend a little of the money doing good things for the mazda (today it gets koni shocks and probably the clutch master cylinder).  this will be good. taking it day to day and have longer term plans that with any luck (and the current situation turning around which i think it will) will happen. is gm's onstar big data underutilized? gm's onstar has been collecting data for over 20 years but it would appear that they are not using this data to spot defective and safety trends. not sure what the problem is but i would surmise the data set is too big for meaningful analysis. perhaps, gm should consider sharing these data with other organizations who could drill down into these data and come up with meaningful trends that could be used by the entire auto industry. for competitive reasons they might not share their data but i believe this is a short-sighted approach to consumer safety and protection. any thoughts on big data? fezo  that trip will be in the newly updated mazda. i have more or less decided on a "fun car" and spend a little of the money doing good things for the mazda (today it gets koni shocks and probably the clutch master cylinder). this will be good. i assume those are the shocks you posted here a while back.  i find the concept of that kind of shock very interesting.  to give better handling without bone jarring ride seems ideal. give us a report on how they perform when you get back. hope your health stabilizes too. actually, a boston area caddy dealer is advertising $15k off msrp on all their elrs.  caddy quickly put a $5k dealer spiff on 'em at launch.  the price of the car has universally been decried as at least 50% too high.  my guess is caddy priced it at $76k so as not to lose money on each one they sell, unlike the volt.  i can't believe caddy expected it to be a big seller.  of course, they made the same pricing mistake, imho, with the xlr and especially the xlrv.  it really depends on what they have been collecting.  in the case of the ignitions turning to the acc position - does onstar collect that data?  if not, should they?  or is that too intrusive?  the tin foil hat people already hate the idea of the "black box" that records that last xx seconds prior to an incident. i don't think you missed anything too earth shattering....not too many political comments lately. hope you get your platelets back up to speed. let us know how you make out with those shocks.  why did you settle on those and what is that they are supposed to do? ld...even at $15k off msrp, i still think the elr is a tough sell.  $45k is what i think the magic number is, and that's only because of the additional (and allegedly better ) features and quality of materials over the volt.  they might push that to $50k as an msrp but i wouldn't wager that they'd sell at that price, either (unless some unsuspecting car buyer wanders in off the street, and has had their head wrapped in aluminum foil for the last year or so) it's just a tough sell&gt;  even with distinctive styling and a rather nice interior, it's just a tough sell.  too little utility, too much competiton all around that price point.  maybe caddy will slap in ice of some sorts into it... it has an internal combustion engine to act as a generator so that there's no range anxiety needed like for the leaf or tesla. ha ha count me in with the tinfoil hat crowd.  i don't want some lawyer getting into my pocket because the car squealed on me. over the weekend some knucklehead crashed on i-90 and killed two of his friends.  the police said he was doing 150 mph. even though there were no witnesses.  you can only conclude that they pulled data from the black box. i guess i don't have a problem with that but i worry that some day a pointy headed bureaucrat will show up at my door and give me a ticket based on some black box data. btw he was supposedly driving a vw.  what vw can go 150? back in the days before "black boxes", the highway patrol used to estimate speeds based on their reconstruction of the accident.  (damage done, length of skid marks, how far objects traveled after impact, etc). and where the speedometer needle was jammed into the face or stuck by the impact. &gt; a few years ago we had a card-carrying member of the safety gestapo commenting in one of the edmunds topics. he thought that every car should be equipped with a gps unit and that the driver should be mailed a ticket every time every time he/she exceeded the speed limit by 5-10  mph. i told him that i bet that he thought that the book <em>  1984 </em> had a happy ending... frozen speedometer, etc sorry, i saw yours after i wrote mine.  great minds think alike (and as a friend once said.....and fools seldom differ) btw...is anyone else having problems with the bookmark feature.  mine seldom works, though it is time for a reboot.  lately i have been using the f5 key to renew my screen. he thought that the book <em>  1984 </em> had a happy ending... lol. my belly laugh for the day. bookmarks are working fine today. i click on the link and it refreshes to show any new posts on pages that i have marked--xp sp3, ie8 and firefox both have been used today. i click on a link for one with new messages and it works. i have had some problems with certain links in the list of forums that were in my bookmarks page not going anywhere when i click on them--but that was yesterday and the day before. other links for topics with new posts did work. it was only certain ones. i had recently turned off a java startup program as a part of security on my laptop and i thought that might have affected the links. today they've all worked fine. however, i was out of town part of the day in columbus. maybe a complete shut off and restart of the computer will set things back up. farmer, it was reported as a 2004 gli (so jetta).  doubt it is getting to 150 without some serious mods.  but did sound like they were flying, and that stretch is a good place for it being so wide and flat.  dopes. re 1984----"don't do it to me...do it to him!"  lol! you can already get a ticket in the mail---red light cameras!  $480 fine in san francisco. thanks, i will try that.  using f5 button isn't too bad, just harder to know where you left off and how many posts you need to read to catch up. new chrysler 200 has some interesting features; 9 speed transmission no cd player in instrument panel new dial shifter (takes up less room, more room for cup holders etc) interior looking very audi-ish/jaguar-ish....... made my day! choice of shocks was a combination of browsing tire rack stock and reviews and a personal recommendation from in here.  of course when the recommendation actually hit my inbox i'd already committed.  just glad he agreed. farmer - yeah, the combo sounds ideal.  will see if it works as well in practice as in theory.  will find out later today when the mechanic finishes up. that's the same fiat sourced platform that carries the dodge dart, right? i like the looks of the dart.  what are the engine choices?  i heard you can get something with 290 hp.  not bad. basically a stretched dart.  2.4l 4, and the honking v6.  quite an upgrade visually and on paper from the old 200 i should know this, but is the v6 the current 3.6l pentastar or the new 3.2l v6 as found in the cherokee? in regards to "automated enforcement"... in my neck of the woods, if the prosecutor cannot call a flesh and blood witness then the charge is going to be dismissed. ok.....so, not sure what you're referring to.  but, what you're saying is if i can find a way to drive a wee bit over the speed limit, without the local constables knowing exactly if it was me or not, i'm innocent? imo, a picture from an automated device is not sufficient evidence to convict someone of a driving offense. if the 200 tranny is similar to the rotary shifter in my car, i can shift the zf 8 speed tranny with paddles on the steering wheel.  left paddle down, right up.  but, does the 200 hockey puck retract into the console?  ha!  i thought not!  point  jaguar. apples and oranges one offense is an infraction the other is a capital crime. who are you planning to kill? i really like the little "hat hanger" shifter on the dash of my minivan. intuitive yet doesn't take up much room. the lack of a 3-2-1 was "different" at first, but you just tap the shifter left to down shift (6-5-4 etc.) and tap it to the right to upshift. i do miss the overdrive off button that was on the steering wheel stalk of our last van though. that is an entirely different scenario; in your example the evidence was collected and analyzed by  human beings. those same human individuals are available in court to explain how the evidence was collected and analyzed- and these witnesses <em>  are subject to cross-examination </em> . in the case of automated enforcement there is simply one picture from one machine- with no human input or verification whatsoever. would you be comfortable with convicting an individual of murder solely on the basis of written reports, photos, and printouts submitted by the prosecution? the dash shifter you can, 0 to 60 in 6.2 seconds - not bad. two engines are available, a 2.4-liter four-cylinder rated at 184 horsepower and a 3.6-liter v6 rated at 295 hp, both paired with a segment-first nine-speed automatic transmission. all-wheel drive is available only with the v6. 9 speed transmission is for better gas mileage.  reviews say it is good and seamless. paddle shifters because of the knob gear shifter. cd was removed, not a bad thing unless you have some old duran duran cds you still use. it would still be a non starter for me. what can the "professional" testify about? automated enforcement is nothing more than an efficient way to fill public and private coffers while making it easier for the insurance company to raise your premiums the lack of any additional loss exposure. here in the southeast coast of florida, they installed hundreds of cameras at busy intersections to catch drivers passing red lights.  when defendants appeared in court pleading "not guilty" with their attorney, 98% of the cases ended up being dismissed.  according to many defense attorneys, for some reason, judges dismissed the charges due to the fact that there was only one picture of a car with a rear license plate as evidence.  even though the picture is taken in the middle of the intersection and the light is "red", the judges cited the fact that if the car had entered the intersection while the light was yellow, the driver had not "passed" a red light.  there are too many variables such as speed, distance to stop, etc. so, after spending millions of dollars on these cameras and computers, they are starting to remove them because the courts have not determined that they are foolproof evidence of a driver passing a red light.  interesting - spending millions of dollars and the local governments ended up with a bill rather than income from "red light passers!" frequently down here in south florida, you can beat a speeding ticket if you were caught on radar and doing only 5 mph over the limit (except in a school crossing areas where the courts determined that 1 mph over the limit was excessive).  it had to do with the different radar units, calibrations, certifications, etc.  but there was no mercy from the courts for going over the 15 mph limit in school zones.  i agree with the courts on that. <strong>  speaking of "moving violations!" </strong> tomorrow morning i have to go in for a colonoscopy - my very first one in many, many years.  i have to start with ducolax tablets at 300 pm this afternoon (in 20 minutes) and take one tablet with lots of water every 15 minutes until i've taken 5 of them.  then, at 500 pm., i have to drink 2 litres of water with a ton of mirilax by 700 p.m.  strictly liquid diet for the rest of the day and nothing after midnight. so, i would think this will be one of my last posts for today since i don't have access to a computer in the bathroom. my mom had colon cancer, so i am more at risk than most, i guess. i'll let you all know "...how things come out" tomorrow when i get home from the hospital. i agree with respect to strict enforcement of school and work zones speed limits. good luck.  at least the worst part by far is the prep.  don't even realize the rest happens we'll pass on the "speed cameras" for this one. at least you'll already be in the "courtroom" on the throne if someone has a red light violation! or you could use a gopro camera to record all this for posterity. could upload to youtube and link to it from here someone may come up with a catchy title. i just went through about the same prep for the procedure a few months back. it had been 10 years; then the proctor told me to come back in 10 years because they found nothing. this time they said come back in 3 years because there were two small polyps. i responded by saying i hope i'm around in 3 years to come back--it'll be a pleasure! the doctor, nurse, and anesthesiologist put on some upbeat music that the doctor likes and started dancing to the beat. they asked if i wanted to join in. i wasn't in the mood. the nurse said he does his best work to the upbeat song. they didn't use the fentanyl as part of the anesthetic this time. i was disappointed. i asked before they started what they use now. i don't remember what they use. the lady ahead of me had refused anesthesia and her procedure took longer. in my opinion, cd players are going to very rapidly go the way of the dodo bird (become extinct).  we are already seeing in this in new computers, fewer and fewer are coming equipped with any kind of optical drive.  flash drives are the future, optical drives are history. we had a voter referendum here in houston a few years ago, and red light cameras were voted out. and good luck with the colonoscopy. my brother is a prosecutor and has some interesting stories on both photo tickets and "experts."  he had one client years ago (he still does private practice where he isn't [prosecuting).  dui.  had the cop on the stand.  asked detailed questions about the breathalyzer.  at one point the cop says "i don't know."  end of case.  my brother didn't feel safe driving in that town for a time.  these days he lives there and is prosecutor there and for two other towns. as far as camera tickets and expert analysis he had a guy who they nailed with the plate number saying they didn't care if he was the driver he was responsible.  he then produced an out of state hotel receipt that showed both he and the car were out of state at that time.  case dismissed. my navigator warns about speed cameras and red light cameras on approach.  it's its best feature. nooooooo!  have you lost your mind, man?  my s.o. wants a gopro, and i was considering giving him one for his upcoming birthday, but now that i know it can be used for... ahem... evil, i might look for something else. why bless your jurisprudenced soul!!!!!!!!!!!!! so, unconstituional, right? there is a reason it is not a criminal offense.  they put camera tickets in the same class as parking tickets. good luck, i am due this year for mine too.  not looking forward to it.  after ask the doctor if this means you are now engaged. *about red light cameras.  why do people worry about it if they drive safely?  are civil rights more important than everyones safety?  maybe the driver doesn't like his civil rights messed with, but, me as the "one in danger" from the red light runner would like to have some rights too! i'd like to have a dashboard camera, especially if it can be moved from car to car and isn't tied to one car because of the way it's installed. another thing that has become extinct.  just when i learn how to operate a cd changer and optical drive it gets replaced by a flash drive.  now, i have to learn something new again.  we should have a moritorium on new technology for at least 6 years.....give some of us a chance to catch up. i had my, um, "procedure" back in february. first time - turned 50 last december. i guess i was lucky, as my prep instructions allowed me to mix the miralax with gatorade instead of water. i go back in either 3 or 5 years as they found (and removed) a couple of polyps. hey, i have a great idea.  bump someone off as you drive through a red light camera and you'll skate! i think i mentioned before that my son got a parking ticket in the mail from a city almost 100 miles away that he has never visited.  i called the court clerk and she was nice enough to check the original ticket and found the cars while both caddies didn't match in color or year.  she dismissed it over the phone but if she had been in a bad mood we might have had to travel or pay a bogus ticket. "are civil right more important..." heck yes!  remember, you're talking to mainly constitution crazy americans.  it's sometimes hard to put into words but...heck yes! yeah, it was the same for me ... ducolax and 1/2 the mirolax ... nothing ... nothing ... then, 'wham!'. we're with you in spirit, mike. how are you getting to and from the office tomorrow? i just hit the magic age to get a colonoscopy.  you know, they've trained dogs to sniff out all sorts of cancers, why not colon cancer?  heck, most dogs are putting their noises in the general area already..... now that's my laugh for the day. dogs do sniff cancer. our friend's dog kept wanting to lick the spot on my cheek that was continually open, whether the razor caused it or gentle scratching caused it. a month or two later i went <em>  back </em> to the dermatologist .he referred me to a moh's surgeon after the biopsy came back basil possibly squamous. lol, and if they can get a man to the moon and make tiny drone planes why can't they find a better way to do a colonoscopy.  i hear they have cameras now, but it is costly.  i think i would pay $100 for the -sscam. one memory i have.  since i couldn't eat the day before i imagined all the great foods i would eat the next day for dinner when the whole thing was over.  caesar salad, steak, baked potato...oh yeh, maybe even go all out and have fries.  but, i felt so bloated after i didn't feel like eating anything. quite an upgrade on the pricing as well. one was on display at costco a few days ago and the sticker price was over $32 grand. houdini, 32k for a higher end model is not all that much these days.  you can easily take a small car to 25-30, and a 1/2 ton truck well over 40. i am guessing that was a v6 awd limited type? i just had moh's last month on a squamous cell on my cheek just under my eye.  amazing process in that the surgeon also reads the slides right in the office.  i was there about 3 hours. do you see a derm regularly?  i go every 6 months. there is a procedure now that is 90%+ accurate on cancer detection and about 0% accurate in finding polyps and lesions that could lead to colon cancer.  it requires one to send stool samples to a laboratory for dna testing. i think there are some places that'll do that for $100 but there's is also a cover charge and a two drink minimum.... i did go every 6 months for a couple or 3  years after the mohs. now i'm on an annual visit or less. i have gotten a skin peel about every 2-3 years to remove actinic keratosis areas. my problem stems from lots of sun while growing up as a teenager driving a tractor on the farm--can i sue john deere? i also have another risk factor for that left cheek. but doc is satisfied i'm stable and just need light watching. i minimize sun exposure during strongest part of the day during summer. lol....out of curiosity, what does it cost for a colopnoscopy in the us?  not to start a medicaid thing, but, seriously, here you don't really pay (of course we do via taxes, but not for the actual hospital visit). they will check the strips you can do yourself, you do it and mail it in....glad i am not a postman. i just read a colonoscopy costs $4000!  the pillcam costs $500.  it isn't quite as clear, but is good for people who have a fear of the standard procedure. exactly....they start at about $22k, but it seems to be a lot of car for about $32k.  interior is pretty attractive too..... in kentucky a moving violation is still classified as a criminal offense, so the constitutional safeguards apply. which explains why the safety nazis always push for traffic infractions to be classified as an "administrative violation." roadburner, kentucky state police must have heard about your mazdaspeed 3. at least i know what to be on the look out for... for that price i can get a mustang.  i'll pass. when i had that procedure all i wanted afterwards was coffee.  i gulped down two cups on an empty stomach and promptly threw them up. i seem to remember them costing about $2500 if you paid out of pocket about 5 years ago. those figures can be confusing because in the us if you had no insurance ( no longer possible) there was the figure that you were billed and then there was the amount they would accept as payment if you had no insurance.  the difference was chalked up as a tax loss or as pro bono service.  so a $2500 procedure might actually cost you $1200 out of pocket. when my wife got sick we received a bill of over $50,000 but they accepted about half that.  the only part of the bill that i objected to was the extra 5% tax that the wonderful state of ny accessed on the bill anyone without health insurance to pay the bills of illegal immigrants who were asked to pay nothing. there was a hail storm in nebraska last week, hail the size of baseballs - really!  someone sent me pictures of several new car lots and the cars were all dinged up and had broken glass.  i can see them fixing the broken glass, but, what do they do about all the dents?  do they fix these cars up and sell them as new? i guess a lot of people just don't do a colonoscopy if it is going to cost $2500.  that's a hard one to call, whether to do it or not.  i guess if there is family history it's a good idea.  and, $50k for a medical procedure! our "free" medicare in canada has it's problems, but, it is nice to know you won't lose everything because you had a medical problem. mustang and chrysler 200 start at about the same price, $22k  the $32k chrysler has awd, extra safety, first class navigation system (which you don't want) and some pretty nice new technology.  you may actually want to compare first.  but, then again, it won't fullfill the dream the way a mustang would. one article i found said the average for a colonoscopy to be about $1200 and can range to $4000.  it all depends on where you have it done.  if i go to a place like mass general hospital it will be on the higher end.  if i decide to use dr. jim's bait shop and colonoscopy center, it will cost a whole lot less. as for the pillcam - it's $500 but that's for the camera pill.  i'm sure there is still a cost for the physician to read to the results and all the related overhead. they sell the cars at a steeply discounted price and give the customer an estimate to fix the car.  good for the dealership because the less cars they have to make an insurance claim on, the better. [....oops, the image disappeared.....] is this chrysler's new interior design language? it looks very attractive and might become a trend for the midsize sedan class. i cannot tolerate that two-tone steering wheel. i imagine white leather or pleather would get pretty dirty pretty quick on a steering wheel. on a side note (that never happens here, does it?), gopro just had one of the most successful ipos for a tech company in over a decade. pretty slick little company who really took a very mature industry (cameras), focused on an underserved niche, and become quite successful with it. i've been getting emails from one of the local honda dealers (affiliated with the dealer where our daughter got her mini) - hail damaged cars on sale. up to $3900 off an accord, as an example. does anyone here have experience with dashboard cameras? worked for oj. rflol at jim's bait shop.  bait shop might be better than tattoo parlor.  thanks for the costs...i think you are right, probably $500 is just for the cost of the -$$ cam, probably extras like physicians fees, hospital fees, doc fees, etc. $3900 off sounds like a good deal if the car is all fixed up and looks like new.  especially if you were going to keep it for a long time.  how do you create a hailstorm in your area? you guys are good for a friday morning! apparently everyone in russia has one. seems that russians buy them to protect themselves against insurance fraudsters. the dealer in question is a 'one price' type of place that doesn't normally discount their cars. what i don't know is if the cars are sold 'as is'. colorado gets its fair share of thunderstorms, hailstorms and tornadoes. when i had a total knee replacement in 2008, the total cost was well north of $50k.  luckily for me, i have good medical insurance. on the subject of hail damage i ran into this a couple of years ago.  we had a big hail storm, hit a row of new car dealers out on the freeway.  the dealership i was shopping at (ford) had a crew of "paintless dent removers" fixing the small dings, and they were offering the damaged cars two ways, with and without repairs. the price "with repairs included" was still above the "truecar.com" bottom line price, so you were not saving any money by buying a car that had been damaged and then repaired.  and the price "without repairs" was not very attractive, at least not to me. bottom line, if you're looking for a bargain, this isn't likely to be it. that makes me wonder if dealerships just fix up these cars and then sell them as new.  do they have to tell you the cars survived a hailstorm or can they keep that a secret?  do we have to watch for cars caught in floods, and now cars left out in a hailstorm? i can't imagine buying one with the idea i would get it repaired myself.  i doubt if you could win on that deal.  since the paint could peel off in areas damaged i don't think it should be saleable as brand new - and potential buyers should know the car has been repaired.  i even wonder about replacing the glass...is a windshield replacement going to be every bit as good as one installed at the factory where there are tight controls and the glass is installed at the optimum time? you'll be riding that porcelain pony for sure! when i had my first (and last) a couple of years ago, they made me drink a boatload of whatever that stuff is.  nothing happened at first but than it hit me! i remember talking to the doctor and then waking up in a fog as hungry as i've ever beem. just ask for a warm blanket and you'll be fine. heck, maybe they'll find jimmy hoffa! every state and province has laws that list the threshold for damage disclosure on new cards. &gt; but do you feel like having a steak dinner and cheese cake? for a big enough discount, i would take a hail car.  especially if my daughter was going to drive it too at school (send a car to hs or college, and it looks like hail hit it anyway).  i would plan to keep it a long time. my sil had her bmw (2011 535) damaged in a recent hail storm in ny.  i think the bill (insurance paid) was about 6k.  lots of paintless dent removal, and a new hood.  did a good job.  i couldn't tell. they bring in roving crews from all over the country.  a month or 2 later, they still had a big backlog of cars to fix. i just happened to be at the chrysler dealer today and they had a couple of 200 s types at the front door. not bad looking.  base price was $24k.  i saw one fwd model that was $30k with a v6 (a$2000 option). i saw an awd version for about $34k. too rich for my blood. maybe at $18k but not $30. i was at the dealer because chrysler requires a 5 year inspection to maintain the lifetime power train warranty on wife's pt. that was free.  the safety inspection had expired a week ago so i figured...while i was there.  also had them rotate the tires for $20. promised to do the work in 11/2 hours...took two. they did wash it though...even though i told them not to. as expected they came back with a "to do" list.  they said two of the tire pressure monitors were worn and they would do it for $272.  i seem to remember those going for $50 including labor so i declined and then went home to take a shower. reminded me why i use indy shops when possible. also saw some challengers and remembered that hellcat.  $34k for the v6 model. again, too much for too little.  the car looked huge! 20" tires on a secretary's car? huh?  i'll pass on that boat. saw some 2013 left overs and some "demonstrators" on the floor.  one was a 2013 200 with about 13k miles on it.  wonder what discount i could get on that?  i'm thinking 40-50% off msrp. well, my wife had a stroke and was in the hospital and rehab for about 2 weeks. yeah but the advertised price is just the "hook" to get you in the door. that's probably reasonable for 2 weeks.  we have a friend who collapsed on the golf course while in florida.  one night in hospital with all the tests was $12000.  they couldn't find anything, and believe it was just a temporary thing that can happen. i know we pay for it (through fees and taxes), but both of those would be covered 100% up here. &gt; i don't think you can get a dart for $18k.  the average price of a new car is $32k! the average new vehicle now goes for $32,086, according to interest.com – which works out to a typical monthly payment of $633.  while the number quoted by other tracking services vary slightly, there’s general agreement that prices are rising a good bit faster than the rate of inflation.  truecar.com puts the so-called atp at $32,074 last month, an increase of $1,110, or 3.6%, from february 2013. be interesting to see what you could buy, that you could live with, for $18k.  i doubt it would be new.  maybe that 2013 chyco 200! edmunds lists the tmv for a new stripper 2013 dart as $16,400. i don't believe that includes incentives which on a leftover could be a couple thousand more. so $18k might buy something i could live with. pure speculation of course because i'm saving my pennies for something better than a stripper. $16500 is a little deceiving considering most people will want to add automatic, power windows and door locks, air conditioning, as a minimum, and that will bring you to over $20k. incentives might bring it down to $18k, but not sure they could discount 10% on a low profit car. when we bought the passat, it was advertised as starting at $19995.  but, no one would or could buy that car in florida.  for one thing, you can't sell a new car in florida without air conditioning.  the s model had cloth material seats that would not wear very well, and didn't look very nice.  drivers seat is hard to adjust to proper position and passenger seat won't move into position.  we pretty well had to move up to an se model which starts at $$22,000.  the $19995 advertised price is just to get you in the door. in my case, i only like the gti; every other vw is either bigger than i want, is an suv, or has been americanized- meh. you would have loved the gti i saw at the dealer a few weeks ago.  the dark gray, base model so check cloth seats.  no moonroof, and dsg. i think vw's "spotty reliability" perception haunts them.  they do have some very appealing products.  most of the cars don't cater to the hardcore driving enthusiast.  a few years ago they did some very obvious cost cutting on a lot of models.  specifically the jetta which had plastics as hard as a brick wall, a non independent rear suspension (if you are going to do that, then it better be paired with a 5.0 l v8 &amp; rwd - good job ford) and a somewhat lackluster naturally aspirated 5 cyl engine.  the sporty gli had the chops with its 2.0 l turbo 4, soft touch interior, &amp; fully independent rear suspension. that's all changed.  vw saw the error of their ways and gave all jettas irs, soft touch plastic, &amp; a turbo motor.  there's a diesel option as well as the gli, &amp; hybrid model. i really think if more people would test drive the cars instead of just droning back to their honda or toyota dealer every 24 - 36 months they might sell better.  sticker prices might be higher, but they discount steeply and always have some sort of cheapo financing &amp; rebates available. they really do have something for everyone.  want a hatchback?  golf with a 1.8t or tdi.  sportier?  you won't be disappointed with a gti. the sedans have big trunks &amp; back seats made for real people.  how about a luxury 5 passenger suv that gets 28 mpg in the real world ( ?  the toureg tdi.  and oh yeah, it's built on the same platform as a porsche cayenne which costs thousands more. i recently drove a fully loaded passat tdi sel.  the $35 k sticker put me off, but a tdi with sunroof lists for just under 30k.  the car is comfortable, smooth, &amp; torquey.  it is handsome and soaks up road imperfections very nicely without excess body roll and a too soft "lexus like" suspension.  people on fuelly.com are creaming epa estimates.  i'm strongly considering it as my next "buying experience" or ccba "card punch." well, my son was not really considering the jetta until we went in and actually test drove it.  that hooked him, and bumped the mazda to 2nd on the list.  the strong lease offer sealed the deal. one other thing i saw while at the chrysler dealer while i was waiting i took a stroll among the used cars.  if nothing else i get a laugh at the asking prices. i found a 2006 4cyl. mitsu eclipse gs with 77,000 miles  car original msrp was about $20k plus about $1500 option package. they wanted about $10k. the thing that stuck me was that this car had the paint on the entire roof faded. the wheel were covered in curb rash.  the car looked a mess. why would a dealer put a car up for sale in that condition?  my first instinct would be to offer half the asking price.  wouldn't it be smarter to clean the thing up first? aren't those popular cars with a certain group who like to customize these? maybe the dealer felt that it would be cost effective to save the cost of guessing at what wheels to use and to repaint and hope for a buyer who wants to customize the vehicle overlooking the bad condition of certain parts because they will replace/repaint anyhow. it's sort of like preparing a house for sale if you pick a certain replacement carpet and pick colors for paint in various rooms, the potential buyers always dislike the color choice and talk about having to replace the new carpet with a different color or better quality, etc.. went to the weekly large cruise-in after posting that and a nonauthorized vendor had a table set up in the spectator parking hawking hd dvrs for dashcams. supposedly has sensor to start camera upon movement and has infrared lights to provide light for video capture when parked in dark. imho, vw sales have dropped because a new fusion and new accord have been introduced since the passat came out.  further, the passat has rather annonymous styling.  lastly, management has said they don't understand the american market and are trying to fix that. imho, most buyers don't know or don't care where the car is made.  in the next 2-3 years, it is expected the mexican made 3 series, cla's and q5's will be rolling into the us from mexican factories.  robots don't care where they work and as long as the proper logo is on the front of the car and they can afford the lease payment, neither will consumers. business insider has a good article which answers that question.  it seems the biggest problem is vws cost more than the competition in each category.  they usually cost more because they use more technology in their cars.  so, people who are looking for cheap basic transportation will buy a camry, accord or fusion for $2000 less...most people just care about price.  they don't care about handling, performance or technology. other reasons are poor reliability in the past, and lots of new competition, from companies like hyundai, kia and even ford (focus) and gm (cruze). check the article at vw isn't hurting, their sales are up substantially in world sales.  i would guess 80% of buyers only care about price when they buy a car in this category. but, how about today....are you ready now? i go in oct 8th...............not looking forward to it.  should get a group together and make it a party. happy mental health day! ralph and edna were both patients in a mental hospital. one day while they were walking past the hospital swimming pool, ralph suddenly jumped into the deep end. he sank to the bottom of the pool and stayed there. edna promptly jumped in to save him. she swam to the bottom and pulled him out. when the head nurse director became aware of edna's heroic act she immediately ordered her to be discharged from the hospital, as she now considered her to be mentally stable. when she went to tell edna the news she said, 'edna, i have good news and bad news. the good news is you're being discharged, since you were able to rationally respond to a crisis by jumping in and saving the life of the person you love... i have concluded that your act displays sound mindedness. the bad news is, ralph hung himself in the bathroom with his bathrobe belt right after you saved him. i am so sorry, but he's dead.' edna replied, 'he didn't hang himself, i put him there to dry.. how soon can i go home?' bwia, i've read and heard some really corny jokes in my lifetime, but that one takes the cake!  i didn't know whether i should laugh, cry, or scratch my head in wonder. i decided to merely scratch my head in wonder and express to you my deepest appreciation for "taking the cake!" &gt; actually, i would prefer lobster tails over steak, but yes, i could go for a nice dinner tonight.  but just in case, i'm going to wait until tomorrow night so that i can be assured that the wonderful dinner i am going to have "stays with me", if you know what i mean! as for your chance at the colonoscopy, the worst part is the prep.  once i got to the clinic, they shot me up with some anesthetic and a few seconds later, i was waking up in the recovery area.  let us know how thinks come out for you, driver. &gt; actually, i think vw needs to do something with the front end of the passat.  otherwise, the car is a great looking vehicle. i had a contentious probate hearing this week; the wife died intestate(without a will) and wife's family hates hubby. in an attempt to keep him from recovering anything from his wife's estate, her  family accused him of murder. problem is, she had committed suicide- <em>  by hanging herself </em> . since i already have a 2008 gt eclipse with half that milage i wouldn't want it at any price. but doesn't it make more sense to clean the car up and get closer to full price?  i mean this car looked like someone had gone at the roof with sandpaper and the wheels had every spoke scratched. 1/3 off would be like a $3500 discount.  you would think their body shop could paint a roof and polish up the wheels for less than that. this isn't the first time i've seen this happen.  at this and other dealers they seem to put filthy vehicles up for sale with scratches and dents that would make me ashamed to put in on my lawn. maybe the detailers are on strike. that kind of makes sense but the 2006 version was royally despised by the tuner crowd.  it had become too civilized. interesting case study. i assume the husband was cleared of murder, otherwise the case would not be heard at the probate level. yes? which brings up a morbid sales story. a contractor friend of mine's utility van perished. while doing some work on my boston condo he noticed a similar van in the parking lot. upon inquiry we learned that the van belonged to a unit owner who died two weeks ago. rather than express his condolences to the window, he instead ask how much was the van. i know there are vultures out there who take advantage of grieving relatives at estate sales, but this one was egregious and insensitive. i felt so embarrassed to be a witness to this spectacle and i am amazed that some people have no respect for the dead. yes, the police had closed the "case"-  such as it was... there are sure a lot of craigslist flakes out there! still looking for a cheap hooptie for my 73 year old friend who has had 17 operations for bone cancer.  i'll be the one paying and hoping maybe she can pay me 100.00 a week or whatever. i've learned that the curbstoners constantly stay on cl and when something pops up that is cheap and nice, they will jump on the phone or computer and rush over with 100 dollar bills. then they flip them with out registering them. then there are the sellers who are scared to death of putting their phone numbers in the ad so e-mail response only!  i email, leave my cell number and get no return calls. then we have the salvage titled cars, the tmu cars the junk cars that "only need the transmission bands adjusted" etc. about ready to give up! don't give up there are a few legit sellers on craigslist. i love the obvious scammers who post late model cars in ny with palm trees in the background of the picture.  they're easier to spot. many times i'll see an ad that looks good and i do a search of the contact phone number and find a dozen other cars being sold by the same "owner". one of my favorite con men is a seller from down in the hudson valley who uses every trick in the book to hide his multiple  cars and make you think he's just a sweetheart private seller.  he uses multiple phone numbers (probably cheap trac phones), he posts as being in multiple locations centering on newburgh ny, like fishkill, walden, new winsor etc. and even posts as different genders as in "my husband and i are selling our baby" type text. but his best trick is putting phony license plates on his cars when he takes photos.  the plate on this car also was seen in different ads on a hyundai, a kia and a saturn.  none of them trace back to any of those cars. i can only suppose that he's trying to make people think the cars are on the road and ready to test drive. what some people won't do to make a buck. the same with any other piece of evidence. how it was gathered and analyzed, methodologies used, tolerances and other such things. speeding tickets are not truly criminal offenses. except for very specific instances. i do believe that there are apps for smart phones that turn the smart phone to a dash cam. i rather not drive through a red light camera as they tend to dent your front end when you hit them. i would wonder how that stat would be if you removed all the $75k bmw's, mb's and the like. mike, you won't really want to know the answer to that.  but, i know what you mean and i will let you know if i survive.  if i don't, you'll hear about it on cnn or fox news anyway. agreed, 100%.  buyers and sellers.  i just sold my passat on craigslist, and i did get it sold, but man did i have to deal with some strange people! this was "reliable transportation for $2k", right?  hard to do, i would imagine.  somewhere around $3500 you cross a threshold, but for $2000, you're going to need a lot of luck. i haven't encountered that one yet.  and i always look for an actual license plate in the photos.  one of the best ways (up till now) to weed out the dealers and curbstoners who are too cheap to pay the $5 for a dealer ad.  i always ask, right off the bat, whether i start in email or on the phone, my first question  "how long have you owned the car/ truck?" i would think for $2k that you would be chasing "salvage titled" cars?   sometimes those are real bargains.  the insurance companies write off some decent cars with very little damage. wrong. it depends on the state- as i mentioned earlier, moving violations in ky are considered criminal offenses, which means all the constitutional safeguards apply. much to the chagrin of the safety gestapo who want to make speeding tickets virtually impossible to defend against. re craigslist. when i was helping a friend find a replacement porsche boxster we contact 5 sellers. we had cash in hand. first 4 people refused to respond in any way shape or form to e-mails and phone messages---and we bought #5 that very morning  (contingent on pre-purchase inspection, which worked out fine, except for $500 deduct for serpentine belt). why bother to place an ad? i don't get it. many people do not bother to delete their ads when the car sells.  they just ignore any contacts.  certainly not very considerate of others, but the world is full of _____. you know, i thought that but these were fresh ads (since i monitored cl every day looking for the latest postings).  oh, there was one other seller who did respond by phone, and when we told him we'd like to take the car to a porsche repair shop (highly rated on yelp) about 10 miles from his house, he refused. his response "oh they'll just find a million things wrong and then you'll try to beat me up on the price...no thanks" well, no, thank you for saving us $150 bucks for a ppi. i hope you and your porsche enjoy next year's birthday party in your garage. yeah, that would be a red flag right there. i always tell people they are welcome to have a ppi performed on any car i'm selling- although no one ever has; my reputation as an extremely ocd car geek precedes me... car that changes color&gt; i like that being able to change body color since mustang already has "my colors" inside. that's pretty cool but wouldn't you grow tired of it after awhile and just keep your favorite color?  do you have the color change feature for your dash lights? if so did you change the colors often after you got done impressing your friends? that would be useless for me.  i would park the car on a lot and then forget what color it was when i left it......may never find it again. my laugh for the day. i can just hear the phone call home "honey, what color did i make the mercedes yesterday?" "car that changes color" this would be great if real.   dealers wouldn't have to stock different colors.   but actually it's done with adobe after effects software...... farmer, you're correct. when the mustang was new i played with my colors a lot. tried orange, then blue, then made my own color from the palette. now i have it set to red and that's where it will likely stay unless i get really bored one day. ever see anything like this? a local car dealer has a half hour show  on sunday where they showcase their used cars. they tell you the original msrp and then the price they are asking used.  so it goes something like "this 2011 mini's msrp was $22,000, now only $18,000. you save $4,000." this doesn't seem quite honest.  you aren't "saving" anything.  the car depreciated. btw, knocking $4k off an almost 4 year old car seems like a rip off. well i suppose if the 2011 had zero miles on it, he'd have a point. i was checking out some things and came across this list of the best luxury cars in order according to us news.  the list surprised me, cadillac cts was 1st, audi a6 2nd, mercedes e 3rd, lexus 4th, up to 13. i like the way they even include reliability as well as other categories.  some reasons they choose one car over another may not apply in some cases (for example not everyone needs lots of headroom for rear seat passengers), but, facts are facts and the list is worth considering. i'll be looking at an a6 more closely, the 535 was 8th after genesis and kia. if you look up sports cars the mustang is ranked number 4, not too far behind 1,2,and 3.  camaro and challenger follow.  there is some good information, and of course i always check edmunds too; youo are right.  i have a feeling 75% of the car buyers don't have a clue what they are doing! quite common here.  however it is used most often for nearly new cars, with few thousand miles, like demos and such.  using it for three, almost four year old car is ridiculous, not to mention price itself is beyond ripoff. &gt; dishonesty is the engine that runs our economy. just think about all those lies for weight loss miracles and male performance enhancers. advertising distorts everything and guess what ? it works. most of the human race are idiots and fall for this stuff over and over. that also doesn't allow for the discount off msrp.  let's face it, when was the last time you or anyone you knew paid msrp?  my last new car purchase (truck actually) was right at 25% off of msrp, thanks to rebates, incentives, and discounts. some days i think that number (75%) is too low. almost next door to driver100's florida house.  if i could get it for under $4k i'd bite. that car is a cutey, and it is right near us....btw, $130k florida house.  just 27k miles, and you want to beat him down to $4k from $5200! if it is still on the market in november i can check it out for you. would this be instead of the mustang or in addition to? the lincoln dealers around here used to advertise one or two year old town cars at <strong>  50% off msrp!!! </strong> i always wondered how completely stupid someone would have to be to walk into one of those dealers and pay anywhere close to msrp for a new tc- knowing that their resale prices dropped like a rock... unfortunately you could be right....don't forget to add emails from the ex-president of nigeria.  it is sad that people can believe advertisements and politicians.  i can listen to an ad and filter it to dig out some facts.  2 fibre well gummies have 10 calories, 5 grams of fibre, 20% of my daily requirements....will it make me "more" handsome, taller, wealthier, smarter, popular.....i doubt it. you mean those enhancers don't work? 2009 pt cruiser, 2008 eclipse, 1995 mark viii, 1988 gmc van &gt; lol....that was good!  have you ever talked about your 95 mark viii?  what is the story about it or is it one a son has taken off your hands? i love the interiors; 93 and 97 shown; i think it would be so cool to drive one of those around....cool.  hope you have a big cigar to go with it, and maybe a cowboy hat. oh, in addition to, for sure.  when i'm buying cars in my imagination there is no limit to the available parking spaces. the mustang would be for thrills, the lebaron would be for leisurely cruising. in my imagination i'm still 25 and have all my hair too. an interesting magazine article using other people's reviews and test drives to surmise what they might have found were they to have actually looked at the various cars and models themselves at usa today. i looked for their and found their ranking of the 2014 malibu at #14, behind even the chrysler 200. the review incuded all the other reviewers' prejudices and preconceived notions. i often wonder if some of the reviewers actually drove the car. there are 3 different interior levels from what i can tell. the suspension also varies from the ls to the lt, and then the lt2 into the ltz group. add the variations with the turbo motor in the lt3 and the ltz for suspension, and i don't thin some of the reviewers actually tried to understand the vehicle. they aren't driving the same one i have. further proof is that they rate the passat at #15. i think they just dummied up results from whatever they thought would sell the most papers or get the most clicks online. found a craigslist car for isell. i hear it was only driven to church on sunday by a little old nigerian prince. and a few legit possibilities might be comfortable for someone with bone issues. and this good luck.  you're a nice person to be doing this. the cutlass looks ok.  but man, if you are going to bother to take and post pictures, why 3 shots of the passenger side, and nothing else?  my assumption is that the driver's side and interior are trashed, but i might just be a skeptic. i think i told the story of how i was looking at florida craigslist ads for 90s cougars and tbirds  to feed my low-mile rust free fetish with cars whose style i liked.  then i saw an ad that mentioned the 32 valve 4.6l engine that came in the marks.  i researched the car and found that all three cars were essentially the same except for the engine. then lo and behold i saw a local cl ads for a 1995 mark viii from florida with only 67,000 miles.  it was just what i wanted, rust free, low miles and relatively cheap.  after some encouragement by my edmunds buddies i bought it as my winter beater. definitely a step up from the horrid junk i usually sacrifice to the salt gods. 280hp makes that boat fly.  it's no mustang but it'll do. that interior photo you posted is pretty close to mine. i like it, and i'm not one to usually complain about colorful interiors, but what was chrysler thinking with that terrible cloth they used? i googled the email address for this puppy reportcraigslistscams.com report craigslist scams easily &amp; anonymously this scam has been posted before. this same scam is posted across the usa!! once you dial this number, you will be directed to an email account where the scammers get to work with the lies. just take a look at the other reported car frauds posted, they all have the same scam! always, with minor changes, but always the same....! this daily crime on c/l originates from organized criminals that operate from romania!! i have verified this 100% and there is information about this crime (google to learn). this is a country we send our tax dollars for aid that hides these crooks due to massive corruption. this is the definition of what massive corruption is and continues without intervention. posting 1. is a stolen photo. the scammers troll he internet stealing pictures daily that they use 2. number is a proxy where you will be directed to an email address, they do this to hide their tracks 3, you will get a "story" why car is cheap because of death in family brings bad memories, or military person needs to sell, or both, all lies! 4, offer to ship 5. they will never speak in person (because their english is very poor) and give excuses why not. the "at sea" or "can't use phone...in training" stories are common, the latest is they are deaf. these are experts at storytelling!! 6. will direct you to an "escrow" service such as ebay, google wallet, amazon or other phony page. these are fake pages they have made to make it look real 7. your will be directed to send a cash transfer to an "agent" who is a middleman or mule based in the us that skims a cut then sends the rest to the boss back in the fatherland, romania 8. you will never hear from these well organized crooks again and kiss your cash bye bye 9, you will contact the fbi and they will tell you sorry, we can't help (they are useless in stopping this scam, they have allowed the same crime group to operate this crime for almost seven years now!!) 10. now you feel stupid, as you lost cash, but you should feel mad that despite the fact that this crime has been presented in mass to law enforcement, they allow this crime to rip-off americans daily! our fbi has allowed millions of dollars to be stolen from americans despite having all the tools to locate and stop these crooks! i went back and looked at us news reviews of mid size affordable cars and i think you made some good points imid.  they don't seem to test the cars themselves but award points based on reviews and owners comments.  i can still learn a lot from those reviews, there is some good information in them.  it is up to the individual to decide if it matters to them.  the top car, the accordhad 8.7 out of 10.  the malibu at 14 had 8 and the passat #15 had 7.9 points.  not a huge spread, but a few points here and there in different categories. the malibu lost points to the others because they say, many reviewers point out that there are several affordable midsize cars on the market that are more fun to drive, such as the mazda6 and the ford fusion.  and they say reviewers say that while the updated 2014 chevrolet malibu has improved, it still doesn’t stack up well against competitors that offer more refinement, flashier styling or better fuel economy. i think most list the accord as #1 for overall value.  the passat gives up points because it is slow, but they say people who want some fun choose the passat. i really think the list gives you a fair and accurate review of each car.  the information has to be digested to see if it matters.  the malibu lost points because  there was less legroom in the rear seat.....if that is not an issue then you can still go with the malibu...they do give you all the info you need to make a pretty good decision. i feel so sorry for you.  dear lord! thanks for sharing the story....i enjoyed reading the background behind the purchase of the car.  i'd love to have a place to keep an old beauty like that. there's a little cadillac i go buy a few times a week and it is for sale at a body shop.  i am so tempted to buy it...but, i don't have the room or time for it.  looks something like this; (not a great picture but you get the idea) very interesting.  had that been real, i would have been on that corolla like a duck on a june bug!  so many scams! anyway, i found my hooptie and delivered it to a tearful, more than excited woman! 1996 taurus.  one family owned.  164,000 miles.  the owner is a just retired dealership technician who kept it in perfect shape mechanically for his kids to drive across the state to wsu. scrape on one side, needs an interior detail.  ice cold a/c.  always synthetic oil, new tires, brakes and rotors.  radio works but has one volume setting loud!  what did i pay? 800.00 in hundred dollar bills.  if we never get paid back, who cares? amazing how a stack of 100's gets a sellers attention! nice guy, a former customer of one of my tool distributors.  a perfectionist!  yu should see his garage!  two immaculate motorcycles that he races every weds. night.  one does the quarter mile in 9.7 seconds at 147 mph! i think you are my hero - every year for 9 years!  i wish those pills were more widely available, seems a lot better than drinking 4 gallons of water.  i feel like one of those statues near the water fountain, only malfunctioning............ well done!  i've had very little to do with craigslist, but what little i have has been marginal.  i got one bite on my lincoln ls and very little else.  either way, i'm glad you were able to get a decent vehicle.  there really are lots out there. sad that you share your name with the funky list. excellent job craig!  good man! that's an example of why i don't think many actually tried the sit test. they just perpetuate the anti-gm thinking without facts. match the car for 2014 with its rear seat leg room measurement vs media reportage passat sonata camry malibu 39.1 in. 36.8 in. 38.9 in. 38.5 in. as for " more fun to drive," "more refinement, flashier styling," or better fuel economy--two out of 3 are subjective, hence the comment about different suspensions on low models as compared to higher models making a difference. how many reviews of a cruze with a noisy (1.8l) engine in the ls have been printed and very few pointed out the 1.4 l turbo engine is much sweeter to drive. for even more subjective fun with facts, match the same 5 cars above with gas mileage figures for city/highway 25/36 25/35 24/35 24/35 fascinating.  i love a good scam story, there are lots of them out there.  thanks for taking the time to explain it all so well. when i was selling my snow tires 3 years ago on cl a guy called who was on a ship out at sea.  he wanted me to open a paypal account, he would pay, and his friend would come by and pick up the snow tires.  i called cl to see if this sounded good to them, and they say never do it.  only pay if you have the money in your hands.  i couldn't figure out how they would pull off the scam but i am sure where money is involved, they will find a way - they are out there. craig....well done!  you're a good soul! i know, looks like burlap or something but it must wear well because i've seen it in more miled up cars and it's not all ripped or worn. if you want old caddys like that wait until you go back down south.  they're falling out of the trees down there although i like the next generation before they put the northstars in them like i said, you are a good person. interesting deal, i would run from that milage but you judged the owner not just the car.  smart. did he have the records to back up his claims? well, the point i'm making is that a lot of real world testing by the "drivers" and "evaluators" doesn't seem really to happen they just report what someone else said  or thought. much talk about changes seems to come from press releases by the companies. as for rear seat room, the malibu is not short. instead, the sonata is short. when's the last time a person complained about sonata's (optima's lack of legroom in the rear? never? not on the agenda, is it, so it's not repeated. also check the passenger seat height. my wife would not have been able to get in and out because the seat is low. passat    39.1 camry    38.9 accord   38.5 malibu    36.8 sonata    34.6 as for mileage? doesn't look like there's a king here either. accord uses a cvt and i didn't want to trust being a first year guinea pig for transmissions with honda's track record. it didn't drive bad and much of the odd feeling was just that i'm so used to a 4-speed automatic. accord,   (27/36) malibu,   (25/36) camry    (25/35) sonata    (24/35) passat    (24/35) (passat mileage may be cited for the manual trans. automatic mileage not given.) my point has been fair treatment in the mags and reporting helps the image of gm's products much more than the continual negative ideas passed along. $1500 for my dream car!  and $1500 gets me into a cadillac eldarado.  when i was a kid i never thought i would ever have owned a cadillac.....nows my chance. i think the reviews were basically good, just have to read between the lines.  if you take out some of the hybrids which they ranked high even if you weren't interested in them, the malibu comes in around 10th....and the total marks are close. keep in mind in the luxury department they gave caddie cts first place in a tight field, so i don't think they are bias....just trying to report in an organized way to make it easier to choose. kind of liking that '92 eldo, with the low miles.  good job!!! that taurus will probably get driven less than 2000 miles a year so i didn't care about the miles so much.  on a 800.00 beater, condition is much more important than the odometer reading. as far as records?  nope, just from my face to face meeting with the seller i wasn't worried since he did most of the servicing himself.  his wife made a weekly 80 mile trip in it because the a/c cooled better than her minivan did.  he made sure it was up to snuff so his kids could make the five hour trip to college.  hopefully the damm thing will run for awhile. the 73 year old woman who got it has survived 17 operations for various forms of cancer.  she is the sweetest, giving person you'll ever meet.  her husband died after a long cancer battle seven years ago.  the went through all of their savings and lost their house in the process. she volunteers with me every week at the food bank. all of you would have done the same thing.  i know that. all of you would have done the same thing. i know that. you're assuming we would even volunteer at the food bank.  no, i think you have to face the fact that you are an exceptionally kind person. ah, that's an easy one.  first, let's oust the "friend" from the equation, because he doesn't exist. so let's say you are asking $200 for your snow tires.  mysteriously, the person "at sea" will make an error and overpay you, probably by at least a thousand dollars.  he will do this using a paypal account he has hacked.  it's not his money. then, he'll contact you regarding his error, and ask you to please wire the excess funds to him (or his friend, or whatever).  some time later, the person who legitimately owns the paypal account files a fraud claim, but by then it's generally too late and the money is long gone.  of course the imaginary friend never shows up to pick up the "items" or "merchandise." years ago, when i had excess time on my hands, i used to mess with the scammers a bit and write back a few times, changing the name of the item i was selling to something like "box of rattlesnakes."  i'd always present a few obstacles of my own, such as being blind and unable to fill out the appropriate customs paperwork to ship my rattlesnakes or pile of rusty nails overseas.  it was pretty clear they didn't even read the emails, because my "items" that i offered for sale were increasingly ridiculous (say, the item in the ad was a jet ski, and in my response i'd change it).  once, i got a scammer to send me a (fake) cashier's check.  i gave my name as tsarina alexandra romanov and the address to the local police department.  no idea what transpired. i never picked my toes in poughkeepsie--- just received a past due parking notice from a company called laz parking for a violation that occurred at the metro north parking facility in poughkeepsie  about 100 miles away. only problem is i haven't been to poughkeepsie in years, i've never ridden a metro north train, they give no date for the infraction and the plate # they cite doesn't belong to any car i own now or have recently owned. i called their service number and the clerk said it was a "discrepancy" because the plate # was a wisconsin plate.  i asked them how it came back to me since i never had that plate # and she just repeated that it was a discrepancy and i could ignore it.  we'll see if that is that. it just got me wondering because a few years ago my son got a parking ticket notice from the city of poughkeepsie which turned out to be an error. do you folks who live in the big cities ever experience this? is someone out to get my family or are they just picking their toes? oldfarmer, a long time ago and i mean long like 30 or 35 years ago there was something going on with philly and pittsburgh where tickets were issued back and forth city to city. wives were arguing with husbands, it was crazy. husbands saying i've never been to that city. it finally came out in the national news and it ended, but what a mess it caused. i just got an email notice about not having paid my toll and it's from ez pass. i can't even think of anywhere i've been with a toll bridge or toll road. ain't got many of those here in w. ohio. i did drive over the ohio turnpike, toll, a few weeks ago going to and fro michigan for a wedding, but was never on it. defending gm is just that. it is not "prejudicial and biased". imid has made some valid points using facts and reasonable conclusions. it is not the same as saying "all gm cars are the bestest thing ever" the way some around here do for their favorite makes. i will state up-front that i am not a fan of the current malibu. i do not like the styling or the interior design. but that does not mean i am right and imid is wrong. it is my opinion, that is all. i also have the opinion that he is correct in his opinion that gm vehicles get a rougher ride in the press than some other makes. in fact i believe that it works both ways, that certain makes get a free pass from the automotive press for reasons that remain mystifying. but look at most any review of a chevy or a buick and you see comments that just do not jibe with the facts. a lot of auto writers grew up in the "asian tuner" generation where anything from across the pacific is good and anything out of detroit is hopelessly bad. add to that resentment from some about the events of 2009 and you have a very toxic point of view for some. i think those biases are real and get into their reviews and - yes - opinions. we all offer opinions here. his are perfectly valid. so are yours. but again, with all due respect, having been on the receiving end of a similar suggestion from you recently on news coverage of the gm recalls, it seems to me your definition of "objective" is an opinion that agrees with your own.  that is not what the word means. you are just as biased and prejudiced about gm as imid is.  you both need to tone down your criticism of those of us who provide our opinions about gm.  you have taken me to task many times, as has imid, and i'm just tired of both of you.  period! i've tried to be positive, provide feedback, and this is what i get.  pathetic. you can persist with your biases, but i pay no attention to you both - i've lost my patience with both of you. i just got something similar from a private parking lot in downtown cincinnati.  now, i do go downtown to see sports, plays and occasionally eat.  but, haven't been there in a month. what they sent me was some sort of "citation" stating i parked in their lot without paying the parking fee at their machine.  they had a picture of what looked  something like a dodge stratus with a license plate that had an illegible number.  pretty grainy pic (thermal printed?), so who knows?  problem was, their picture was of a car's front license plate, which i don't have. my guess, parking lot company trying to generate a little more revenue and copies down numbers on cars they see on the street, and they turn them into the police dept, as parking violators on their private lots.  then, they mail them an invoice. not sure what i'm going to do here.  i've called their "customer service" line, only to get the voice mail runaround.  on the other hand, i won't do anything since they don't even have the right car.  but, they obviously have my address.  so, they at least know where i live. whatever. if your are looking for what you call "objectivity" anywhere around here i think you are in the wrong place. we are all here to offer opinions. i don't expect to agree with them all nor do i expect everyone to agree with my own. apparently that is not the case for everyone. i take you at your word. even though i've never engaged in that particular activity in poughkeepsie , i've picked them  throughout the west coast, eastern seaboard, midwest , south and southwest. i've put it on my "to do list " for tomorrow. i quoted a famous line by gene hackman in the opening of 'the french connection'. i remember it well. i still read this forum but do not participate because of what we have just seen a few posts back.  a shame really but such is life.  i just choose to participate in a more friendlier environment if you will...no one is in these forums to be chastised by another member for their opinions...kind of sucks all the life out of things! back to lurking!!! <em>  the sandman </em> ^^^ this. we have a large group of people with highly diverse backgrounds, experiences, and vehicle preferences.  we are all biased. even editorial reviews, which proclaim themselves to be "unbiased" are frequently accused of having bias.  if that's the case, why would we expect that this, a conversational forums discussion, to be free of bias? sometimes i marvel at the strong biases of members in various parts of our forums, and what i perceive as blind loyalties, or failures to recognize failures or to give credit where it's due.  i shrug and move on. let's not intentionally go to war over a matter so trivial as other members' favored/unfavored manufacturers or vehicles. thanks for the explanation....greatly appreciated....i couldn't see how they were going to pull off the scam i like your little way of getting back at the scammers.  a guy with a heavy accent called and wanted to clean our ducts.  i told him i had 12 filthy "ducks" and would really like them cleaned up, they were making a mess of the house.  we went around in circles, him trying to explain what he did, me not getting it.  he finally hung up...it was fun beating a scammer. it's not worth having a flare up over.  we have done really well here considering the number of posts posted every day.  there are forums where people are having disagreements constantly.  imid is making a point which he honestly believes is happening, and mike has picked up on that.  just different point of views.....let's just leave it and maybe we can learn something from it. thank you for your kind words! i kind of got sidetracked but ditto those same kind words from me too.  you did a great job of getting what seems like a nice car for a nice lady.  also, volunteering is admirable.  nice little sales story too! when my stepdad was in his final months, somehow the money suckers found out about him. i had to get all of his mail sent to us or he probably would have been suckered in. they would usually include a dollar bill and ask for donations to whatever silly cause they were pushing.  i'm not talking about mainstream charities here.  they would even include a stamped self addressed envelope. somehow i had gotten ahold of a large box of thin but heavy 3x3 refrigerator magnets and a large supply of monopoly money. i would stuff the envelopes full of heavy magnets and monopoly money and send it to them. no doubt there would be a lot of postage due when these arrived. funny how quickly these mailings stopped. thank you too.  it was getting frustrating but the look on her face and her tears of happiness made it well worth the trouble. no doubt there would be a lot of postage due when these arrived. i like getting back at scammers.  another one i want to get back at is perspective employers.  after i got canned from my 3rd job in 4 years i went to some job interviews.  most companies made me wait for a long time, and then they didn't even acknowledge me coming to the interview...not even a form rejection letter. i sometimes feel like applying for jobs, having a fantastic resume, and then showing up in old jeans with 4 days of stubble.  knocking things off the hr persons desk, falling out of my chair, spilling coffee on the floor etc.  there is one company in particular that i would like to do it to. do you think it would be illegal?  now that i am retired it would make for a very entertaining day, and what a story i would have. darn driver, retirement does sound like fun! car related, you can go back to all the dealers that screwed you around somehow.  dress expensive, drive the nice car in, then spend the day test driving and negotiating with all the sales managers.  spend the day, and get them all jumping to write up a few expensive cars at lay down prices. then at the end, say you have to check with the wife, get up, and leave. i love it....this retirement thing could be a real blast, it's giving me ideas for a whole new career. be sure to burst through the door, spread your arms wide and yell "who wants to sell a car today!". just saw a news story about how home depot is selling 3-d printers for as little as $800.  what an incredible price drop. how long before the day comes where you can walk into the dealer, pick your car out on the computer screen and have the salesman print it out while you wait? (detroit news) so, got this email from my acura dealer yesterday..... hi gg hope you're having a great summer.  not sure if you knew, but acura is bringing out a totally new car you might be interested in.  it's called a tlx.  from the pictures i've seen and the literature acura headquarters has sent me, it's a beautiful car, with more style, more performance, all while offering class leading luxury and technology. we're having a private showing of the tlx at the end of the month.  we'll have cars for test drives as well as hors d'oeuvres and wine afterwards.  i will have more details later this week.  stop in and sign up for what will prove to be a great event. best regards, boy.....first the release of the bmw m235i and now this.  they sure know how to tempt a guy. man, i can see our news media up here having a field day with that line. "local car dealer promotes drinking and driving!" ab...i was thinking the exact same thing.  i guess the good thing, they're waiting until after the test drives are done.  that means if you do get picked up, it will be in your car, not theirs. keep the wine and cheese, how about more of the $ 100 to take a test drive! quite a step up from the old days of saturn dealers pushing hotdogs. car story! dd needed a car, considered new mazda 3(have the 2014 6 love it) but new plant, in mexico, no thanks, so used 2013 made in japan autotrader and cars.com showed 15 to 18k for the sports w/ good mileage. started looking at dealer inventory on dealer web sites in 3 states, found a small one that does not advertise on these car site, had 8 2013  mazda 3 new at 15990,  she is picking it up sunday. moral of the story, do some leg work and you may find a deal impressive the 2013s are "s" models with the 2.5 or "i" models with the 2.0 skyactiv?  what trim level are they (sport, touring, grand touring)?  what state did you find these gems in? ain't that the truth. cu....i agree.  make me go to your dealership to get the visa gift card sent by the manufacturer, and i'll be there.  wine and cheese is probably much cheaper....sponsored by the dealership, though, not the manufacturer. btw...trying to figure out who dd is?  are those your child's/spouse's initials? daddy's daughter? skyactive 6 spd auto, sport dealer is in brockton ma dear daughter= dd boy i will not miss working on her car for a while, she thinks there are 2 modes of driving, on the gas or on the brakes! a neighboring state.  uh - oh gg, 2015 tlx has many refinements and new innovations.  starting price sounds pretty reasonable at $32k..i thought they were going to get rid of the beak since sales went down when they introduced the beak look.  many people i have talked to like the looks of the previous model better.  doesn't seem to be any reviews yet....does sound like a lot of car for the money, if it is as good as acura says it is. &gt; good research cu.  cars made in mexico shouldn't be a problem, but, i remember vw foxes were made in mexico and they were very problematic....kind of is a concern to me too.  that was another reason why we chose a passat (made in chatanooga tn) instead of a jetta (made in mexico).  technically, as was stated, robots are robots and there shouldn't be much difference, but i'll have to witness a mexican made car that has a good record of reliability before i'll believe it. the tlx looks nice enough but the styling is too safe and generic. speaking of private showing, well i received an invitation and a $500 voucher in the mail for the purchase of a new nissan versa, sentra or altima. it appears nissan is going all out, even making the bold claim, "dare to compare" mpg with the civic, corolla, accord and camry as well as offering 0% financing. i read 40 mexicans went to japan to learn how to build the cars and program the robots. hmm, how many japanese do i know that are fluent in spanish..... on the other hand how many mexicans speak japanese?............. buying a vw made anywhere would give me pause but they seem to be getting a bit more reliable. i wouldn't hesitate to buy a 2015 honda fit. hecho en méxico. oh, i forgot to mention, when i was at the chrysler dealer they had hot dogs and popcorn in the waiting room. right over the hot dog machine they had instructions in how to call 911.  i passed on the dogs. well you are supposed to chew them before swallowing. hot dogs and popcorn or wine and cheese, i know which dealer i would go to. no you didn't, you got an e-mail from a scammer. ignore it. too bad isell found his cheap car. i found that saturn he wanted. looks like a real gem.  no picture....what does that mean? and this nice write up 2000 saturn ls1, runs well, 326k, still gets 30mpg. sold as is, currently on the road. good first car or winter car. $1000 or b/o. let me translate, 2000 saturn ls1, runs well, - surprised it is running at all, so well is better than nothing. 326k,  i think this car is well past it's prime.  a miracle the little 4 banger lasted that long still gets 30mpg.- if you push it for 1/2 a mile sold as is, - i don't even trust getting it fixed up to sell it - why would i sink any money into it? currently on the road.- parked on the road.....can't get it to start. . good first car or winter car.- quite a difference between a first car and a winter car.  probably no difference, it is just going to break down no matter how you use it. $1000 or b/o.-no one will take this $1000 seriously, better add or b/o, a little more realistic. "$1000 or b/o.-no one will take this $1000 seriously, better add or b/o, a little more realistic." unfortunately, this us what a thousand gets you these days.  while that's an extreme example i'm constantly shocked at what people are asking for hoopties these days.  maybe it's because of all the flippers who build in their profit.  buy it for $200, sell it for a thousand. 2016 hyundai tucson i was surfing the net and came across this interesting nugget on the 2016 tucson. "hyundai just released it’s first ever <u>  gasoline direct injection-hydrogen engine </u> in the us with the debut of the 2016 hyundai tucson.  this particular power train is projected to achieve 48 mph in the city and 72 mph on the highway.  it also features an industry first, 17 airbags and a voice activated power lift gate.the hyundai tucson, known for its combination of style and function, adds even more value in 2016 with <b>  advanced 3.7-liter, 7-cylinder, 9-speed automatic transmission. </b> it’s brand new gasoline direct injection-hydrogen (gdi-h) engines, enhancing torque and engine responsiveness. with the gdi-h becoming standard on tucson beginning in 2016, every hyundai cuv will now features this performance-enhancing technology. tucson is the first hyundai to receive the 3.7-liter gdi-h engine in the united states. it will be applied to other models later in the 2016 model year. for a detailed first look drive and review, watch this world exclusive presentation with everyman driver, dave erickson." i don't get it.  where do you get it fueled? that's odd. i can find nothing about this engine except at that one website. that's a joke, right? a good joke but a joke nevertheless. 112 hp 512 torque?with 72mpg?  ha ha are you sure that isn't a spoof or a satire?  looks downright suspicious to me.  contains typos, for sure, "mph" when he means "mpg". i think the 7 cylinder hydrogen assisted engine described on the video says it all. check the date on the story - april 1, 2014 world exclusive 2016 hyundai tucson limited awd on everyman driver. you are right, it is a spoof. i went back and check the publication date. and there it is april 1. furthermore, in the video he says he grew two inches in two months. again, how gullible i did not catch that in the first place. there's one born every minute. "...again, how gullible i did not catch that in the first place..." lucky for you that your eagle eye edmunds buddies were here to help. alright, where are mike and imid?  you two have a lot of good comments and information to offer, and we miss hearing from you. most of us have been chastized (i think that's the word i am looking for) at one time or another. i certainly have been....i really had to tone it down, but, i learned a valuable lesson and i apply it in all situations now.  i was much more opinionated than i am now (believe it or not), and i usually admire opinionated people.  however, there is something to be said for for trying to understand the other guys viewpoint - even if one disagrees with it.  we all have prejudices and favorites.  we have to be tolerant of that in others, and know it usually comes with a reason. no one should leave because of a small, and i do mean small disagreement - not even a disagreement, just a point really..  you both have way too much to offer to the group, so i hope you just come back and join in.  no reasons or explanations needed, just come back and start posting. all we can do is live and learn and hopefully get to be even better for it.  your knowledge and the information you share is a gift that i and i am sure we all appreciate. group hug! we can count on you......i took about 90 words to say what you did in 2! just heard. tesla will bring out a $35k  tesla 3 next year.  all you electric fans should be happy. from fox news.......so it has to be true! reuters reports that the so-called gen 3 car will cost $35,000 before credits, about the same as today’s ford focus electric and chevrolet volt. bmw will begin selling the new i3 compact next year with a base price of $42,275 and a range between 80-100 miles per charge the suv/cuv craze according to the ny times, quoting the ihs, the suv and cuv have surpassed the sedan in popularity and registrations in 2014. don't know what that will do for the cafe standards but either the suv has to shrink in size (a la sub-compact cue) or go the hybrid route. personally, i like the suv and my next new car purchase will likely be an suv. i have been driving my wife's brand new buick encore and i loving it. the cue appeals to two demographics, the empty nesters and the millenniums. because of its compact size it is easy to park. additionally, the high riding position improves visibility and makes it much easier for "seniors" to enter and exit. on the other hand, i have had two jeeps and the bmw x3, and i equate suvs with being work vehicles.  i prefer having a trunk where liquids and packages are separated from the passengers, i don't like the cargo area to be part of the passenger cabin, i like the lower centre of gravity a car has, i like the dynamics of driving a car.  some suvs aren't that easy to get in and out of especially for rear seat passengers.  if we do have rear seat passengers it is nicer for them to be in the passenger area, and not next to the cargo area. i know there are great advantages in having an suv as well, just saying, it isn't necessarily the best for everyone. a cuv at this point is really just a tall station wagon.  in my case, i do use the cargo capability of ours.  i don't think a sedan could function for us as the family truckster. plus after 16 years in a minivan my wife likes to sit up a little higher. the rdx though is small and light vs. a real suv.  i don't think my mpg is much different than a tl gets, which would be the analogous sedan.  heck, it gets better on the highway than my older tl. not a whole lot.  the cafe standards that went into place in 2011 based a vehicle's fuel economy requirement on a algorithm that takes length and width into account.  basically larger vehicles have lower requirements.  a honda fit has to meet 36 mpg cafe/29 published target while an f150 has to meet 22 mpg cafe/17 mpg published. the bigger the vehicle, the lower the cafe target.  but manufacturers still have to meet an overall target.  sell too many large vehicles and it may not reach the target. oops, in my above post, i meant cuv, not cue. stick, my daughter just bought a 2015 acura rdx. although she likes a lot she,  however, misses the space she enjoyed of her large honda minivan. i returned last night from a 4 day college tour through winston-salem and durham, nc, williamsburg, va and washington, dc.  great bonding experience with my son.  he developed some very strong opinions about what type of school he wants to go to.  looks like georgetown and william and mary are right up there along with a couple schools here in boston. coming home we were on the nj turnpike.  having not been there in years, it looks like they added all new lanes on the outside and are not redoing the old lanes.  are they planning on high occupancy vehicle/high occupancy toll lanes? we miss the space occasionally.  as i knew we would.  the pending trip to take my daughter to college will be one if them.  but overall in 2 years, we have managed fine and love driving it.  just needs a bigger gas tank! i saw it on abc.....so i checked another source before posting. tesla announced the model e nee the model 3 about 2 years ago as their next product after the model s.  looks like the model x (suv) became a priority for them.  imho, the model x came first because it can be sold at a premium to cover the cost of the batteries.  with the gigafactory, the hope is that the battery cost will drop low enough to allow for a $35k price, if it can't go 300+ on a charge, it's not going to sell very well imo. for 35k, it should behave like a "normal" car. and, i believe, the bmw i3 is currently on sale.  it does have the option of a small generator engine to double its range.  i'm thinking i8 for me, though... i've driven the i3. nice car, but not $40k worth of nice... and from those locations, what did you think of wake forest and duke? wake and duke are both very nice.  hard to get in, especially duke.   my daughter is starting at elon next month (1/2 way between the 2).  we toured william &amp; mary too.  nice place. the turnpike is just extending the truck lanes further south from 8a to 6.  my understanding is that once the new side is full open they will shut down the old part to resurface, but who knows in this state.  been a long, nasty project that we really want done! looking at elon for son, will visit in oct.  i may pm if i have questions.  sorry, back to topic. the college one  selects is not as important as the quality of engagement a student has with his professor. so why then, do parents spend a fortune on a highly selective college misguidedly believing that it makes a difference. as you begin thinking of a college for your child, or for a child who is not happy with his or her current college, this article and related study, might prove to be instructive. perhaps some  of you have seen the news reports about a survey of 30,000 college graduates across the us by gallup and purdue university.  just thought i i'd share an op ed piece in the nyt by charles m. blow which references the poll as well as the link to the gallup/perdue poll results. here is an excerpt the report has a strong message for students who are asking about which school to attend, for employers who are deciding which people to hire and for colleges that are negotiating their curriculums. it concluded “the data in this study suggest that, as far as future worker engagement and well-being are concerned, the answers could lie as much in thinking about aspects that last longer than the selectivity of an institution or any of the traditional measures of college. instead, the answers may lie in what students are doing in college and how they are experiencing it. those elements — more than many others measured — have a profound relationship to a graduate’s life and career.” like it or mnot, name value counts.  but in particular with elon, they are big on the engagement piece. hard to avoid getting involved there! feel free to im later if you have questions. i spent nearly a week in williamsburg last fall and explored the william and mary campus a bit. as you say, it is a lovely spot. but i found myself wondering how the students fit in to the community and what they do when they are not in class. i didn't find williamsburg the most fun sort of place to be honest. actually it was kind of nice to sit on a bench near the campus and watch the young people coming and going, laughing, talking, smoking, playing music, etc. the rest of the community seemed rather touristy and stuffy, not a place a college student would enjoy very much. oh i don't know, i think that the magic number for an electric cars range would be somewhere between 150 to 200 miles. so a 200 mile range electric car could do well even if it's in the mid 30's price wise. especially if it's a two car family and the other car is gas powered. case in point, most people rarely drive more than 200 miles in a day. as for me there have been a couple of times this year when i would have run a leafs battery dry in a single day but i would have made it with a 200 mile range car. but i am hard pressed to remember a day this year where i went over 200 miles. ab, that was how we felt about w&amp;m.  odd set up.  turned my daughter off actually. my son was disappointed with both.  he felt that wf was "manufactured" in that the campus is only 60 years old but they were trying too hard to make it seem as old as their original campus.  the info session presenter and the tour guide were both 2nd generation demon deacons and that too much emphasis was put on this.  further, the campus itself isn't part of winston-salem - it's too far away.  as for duke, he didn't like that there are multiple campuses and that the freshman are all on one of them.  he also felt that there was too much emphasis on the athletic programs and kids camping out for 3 months to get basketball tickets.  also, the undergraduate population is smaller than the graduate population making it more difficult for undergrads to get research opportunities. wherever he goes, it's all about being involved in clubs, sports, social opportunities.  college is what you make of it. hey driver, mike, sandy.... what are you folks smoking down in florida? i see your point there, but i'm not so sure. look at a 200 mile range this way---take your average car and install 7 gallon gas tanks in all of them. think they'll sell well? not sure what that guy is smoking but $30k for that.  now that one might be worth a low ball $4000 bid.  i didn't even like those cars that much when they were new though i know some people love them.  it looks cigar shaped and the rear end is bigger than the front - wierd!  what did this statement mean ask anyone who has driven one. i personally have driven many autos and have totaled many my fil had one of those rivieras; totally underwhelming. in terms of fit, finish, quality of interior trim, audio sound quality, etc., my wife's 318ti of the same vintage beat it hands down. i owned/loved a 1967 riviera and to call that bar of soap on wheels a riviera bordered on sacrilege... you sound like isell.  he had the same opinion of the previous generation rivieras. i kind of like the quirky looks of those early 90s models and last generation as well.  the top line model had a turbo 3.8l with 260hp., not bad for it's day. what struck me was the total detachment from reality that someone would value any 15 yo car with 200k miles at $30,000. that was my first thought.  i think it's a $1,500-$2,000 car, with that sort of mileage on it. comparing it to a $70k jag?  really?  i like rivs.  have driven quite a few, including a couple of the late '90s vintage.  to me, they're probably the pinnacle of gm's styling of that era.  they couldn't in any way, shape or form mimic a jag, bmw, audi etc of the same vintage. does the rdx take premium or regular gas?  i refuse to buy a car that requires premium.  the rdx looks like something i would be interested in, but not if it requires premium. thanks in advance for your answer. larry c you live in texas.  i thought gas was cheap down there. i think his rdx sucks down premium. gas is relatively inexpensive here - right now regular is anywhere from $3.30 to $3.50/gal.  i just hate to pay that extra $0.20/gal or so for premium.  i'm semi-retired and try to get by as cheaply as possible.  i used to have an e-class merc that took premium and i cringed every time i filled it up.  of course, some would say if you can afford a merc, you can afford premium gas.  point taken.  but, i was working full-time then. thanks for the word on the rdx.  i appreciate the response.  that's a shame for cheap ol' me. larry c buy the honda crv.  uses regular and will save you thousands in purchase price. top rated with great re sale value. scaling back doesn't have to be painful. i am not sure, but this thought struck me and others can comment.  my 535 takes mid grade gas and lets say it costs about 7 or 8% more than regular gas. is it possible, that because the engine is running at peak performance (since it needs premium fuel) and is more finely engineered, that the car could easily get an extra 10% more mileage. i get 28 mpg on the highway and 24 mpg mixed driving, which i think is pretty good for 300 hp and a pretty heavy car.  would i get that same mileage with a car with a less efficient engine that runs on regular fuel? premium is recommend but my daughter uses regular with no adverse effects. the gas mileage has been about 26 on average.  on the highway, with no traffic, fuel economy has been about 30  with a high of 32 mpg. my daughter drives the base model (sans tech package) but i believe the all-wheel drive model requires (?) premium. nonetheless, the rdx sips premium at a frugal rate considering the size and power of the 273-hp v6 engine. with all wheel drive, mpg is about 1 mpg less. here is a link and specs for the 2015 rdx. good luck with your purchase. yep, $1500 is about market correct for that buick. "my 535 takes mid grade gas" your 535i requires premium (91 octane or greater), you put 89 (mid grade) in it. re an ev with 200 mile range but that's like saying "plugging it in is the convenient way of overcoming the inconvenience". why buy a problem just because you can solve it? even if you have an air compressor in your garage, you wouldn't buy tires that go flat everyday. my regal turbo takes premium and while i hate to pay for gas as much as anyone, i knew that fact going in and it hasn't bothered me too much. if anything i have peace of mind that the fuel i put into it is about as good as i can get (i use v-power whenever i can get it). i retired at the end of may and find i am barely driving at all now compared to when i was working. i doubt i will need to fill up more than once a month now, if that, so the cost of premium isn't really an issue. off the wall (that never happens here, right?), but most here now i'm newly betrothed.  combining two households into one has been an......ummmmm...... <span style="text-decoration line-through;">  daunting </span> ......interesting task. sometimes it's funny what you uncover.  found some old sony beta tapes of different tv shows i had apparently wanted to keep, but never bothered to watch again. just a quick glance using the sony beta recorder/player stored with the tapes revealed how far both audio and video technology has come.  the beta tapes were supposed to be the best video you could buy at the time.  looks like garbage now, though. anyway....car commercials......who was the manufacturer who used these catch phrases? -"dogs love trucks"..... -"you have my word on it"..... -"if you can find a better car, buy it"...... "dogs love trucks" - nissan i just double checked....the gas door says use minimum 89 octane fuel.  the 2008 328 had to have 91 octane.  i think it is something bmw worked on to try to get the cost of fuel down. gg, brings back memories.  i remember the first vcrs were about $1000 in 1980 dollars.  now look what you can get for a fraction of the price.  i doubt if you are going to want to bother seeing any of those old shows...thay just aren't the same. good luck getting your stuff sorted and combined. "you have my word on it"..... -"if you can find a better car, buy it"...... the second one is lee iacoca for (i think) plymouth/dodge... the first one lets try joe izusu just for fun. if you don't know joe izusu...you're too young. help me understand this a little better, is 89 premium or regular? if the manufacturer says <em>  requires </em> premium, and you use 89 octane, would that invalidate your warranty? reminds me of the old miller lite beer commercial great taste or less filling. 89 is mid-grade, 91 is premium. i understand that some stations back east offer 93 octane, and regular unleaded is usually 87. except for high altitude states - here in colorado regular is 85, mid-grade is 87 but premium is still 91. in new mexico, it's 86/88/91. not so certain about the warranty issue - but, why chance it? both my wife's cx-7 and the daughter's mini take premium. i only use shell v-power in the mazda, while the daughter gets her gas from whatever station is most convenient - but she still uses 91 octane. is 89 in canada considered premium? boy you guys are generous.  i'd offer scrap value for a car with that kind of milage.  i'll call you when i want to dump my hi-milage hoopties. i have three cars in the driveway that take premium.  two are mine and i spent almost $90 filling them up yesterday. i'm jealous of anyone who is retired. i received my first social security check today and believe me if i had that canadian free health insurance i'd be typing this from a beach near st. petersburg.....or maybe from driver100's couch. as it is i'll have to keep working until medicare kicks in. ahh --- looking forward to the "golden years" when medicare kicks in and your knees, hips and shoulders kick out. speaking of retirement, was it difficult for you guys to make the social security decision? start taking benefits early (62 to 65), at full retirement age (66), or to delay to age 70? a friend of mine who is 66, and who does not plan to retire until 68, is agonizing over whether he should take benefits now or wait until when he retires at 68 when the benefits will be 16% higher. according to the social security administration, it does not really matter when you start taking benefits because your cumulative amounts will be the same. anyone care to share their experiences or wisdom on this subject? that's funny about the miller commercial.....great taste or less filling. regular gasoline has 87 octane.  premium fuel can have 89 octane and a higher grade of premium fuel has 91.  most cars that need premium fuel do need higher grade 91.  i think bmw realized people don't like paying for 9 92. full 91 octane premium fuel, so they tuned the cars to 89 octane.  my car definitely says to use 89 octane.  everything i have read says using a higher octane fuel than specified is a waste of money. i would still be interested in knowing if higher octane fuel equates to better mpg, and may actually end up costing less. michael, i will agree with you except on one fine point and it is interpretation.  to me, regular grade fuel is normally 87 octane where i drive, by definition if i pay more for fuel then 89 or 91 octane fuel is premium fuel....that is i am paying a premium if i use it.  i agree 89 is mid range premium, and 91 is high test premium, but both are premium fuels. on the inside of the door panel i am advised to use 89 octane fuel. also, one an exxon station was out of 89 and 91 so i used 87.  i didn't notice a difference but mileage didn't seem as good (hard to judge, could be traffic or weather).  but, i wouldn't do that normally to try to save a few bucks.  though, i think i read under non stressful conditions the computer system can probably work with that. nyc...only by my definition...if 87 is regular, anything i pay for above that is a premium fuel.  89 is mid range premium, 91 is high test premium, and sunoco goes up to 94 i believe...to me those are all premium by definition...if you pay more you are paying a premium. this is drivers basic rule.  if you can live nicely without taking early retirement then you may as well wait.  if it will make your life better now, then take it now.  with my luck, if i wait, something will happen and i will never collect on my pension money.  secondly, you will recieve a few years worth of payments, which will take a few years to catch up if you leave your payments until later.  the driver says, a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush, especially when it comes to anything having to do with the government. nyc...driver....mako...you're all right....even joe isuzu. got some x-files on tape.....american gothic (really dark and only lasted a couple of seasons.....right up my alley).....in living color (young wayans, jim carrey, jaimie fox, jennifer lopez.....funny stuff). picture and sound are pretty bad compared to even the worst video programs of today. "free" health care does have it's advantages.  remember, we do pay for it through premiums and taxes, it isn't really free, however, if you need something done in almost every case you won't pay.  it's nice to know you won't be receiving a $100k bill in the mail, or, that a child who needs an operation won't be denied because of a money issue. so, yes, you probably could be in st petersburg for the winter.....i am not so sure about being on my couch though. i decided to go for it as early as possible because i want to use the money to enjoy myself while i still can.  i sure don't intend to have extra money later in life only to give it to a nursing home or funeral parlor. my only tough choice is weather to keep working full time.  as it turns out i'll have to give back most of my benefit because i'll make way over the $15k limit.  most people say i'm nuts but i'd rather have even part of the money now.  it'll balance out later because i'll get more when i reach 66 and my pension from work will be higher as well. everybody's situation is different. "......i am not so sure about being on my couch though. " better lock your windows then. no. here on the east coast, premium is 91 except at irving stations, which claim 92 octane. regarding canada pension (like social security). i turn 58 next week so i won't have to make that decision for a couple of years. my pension is "integrated" with cpp so when i turn 65 it goes down and the cpp makes up the difference to keep me whole, so if i take it at age 60, i will be enjoying 5 years of extra money but at age 65 i take a hit for the rest of my life. i'm thinking i'll take it at 65 right now. <em>  according to the social security administration, it does not really matter when you start taking benefits because your cumulative amounts will be the same </em> i dunno, i think i'd do the math. first question is do you need the difference in monthly payment now or do you expect to cash in your chips fairly early? if not, i'd either run a present value or a compound interest extrapolation over a high and a low death age estimate. even if the cummulative payments are equal, the compounded value over time will not likely be (but if the monthly cash payouts are equal cumulatively and you don't need the cash, but invest the difference instead, you might end up better off over your remaining lifetime with a decent investment return).  finally, by waiting your surviving spouse (if applicable) will get a higher survivor's payout if that is going to be higher than what they would get on their own. all things being equal, personally i'd probably hold out for the later, but higher payment. but everyone's financial situation, or priorities, are different and no one size fits all. good luck! ultimately it's really about living your remaining years, not maximizing investment returns. most sites that talk about octane do call 87 octane regular, 89 mid grade (though to me it is still premium because i am paying a premium for it) and some say over 90, some say 91, and this one says 92 or 93 octane rating is premium. what are octane ratings? octane ratings measure a gasoline's ability to resist engine knock — a rattling or pinging sound that results from premature ignition of the compressed fuel-air mixture in one or more cylinders. most gas stations offer three octane grades regular (usually 87 octane), mid-grade (usually 89 octane), and premium (usually 92 or 93). the ratings are posted on bright yellow stickers on each gas pump. calling 87 regular, and 89 mid-range and 91 premium is about the same as what the car rental companies call different size cars; the ford focus is a terrific car. but anyone who's driven one knows that while it may be economical, reliable and peppy, there is one thing that it is not intermediate sized. even if enterprise rent-a-car calls it that. that's just one example of the confusion consumers face when trying to find the right car to rent. unfortunately, the rental industry continues to struggle with product standardization so you're often left scratching your head when comparison shopping from site to site and weighing one firm against another. to make matters even stickier, with a few exceptions it's virtually impossible to secure a specific make and model at most rental companies. class warfare on its website, enterprise defines the intermediate class as "chevy cobalt, ford focus, or similar" and provides this description "larger than an economy and compact car rental, our standard cars [sic] balance the space and budget to give you a great deal on your car rental." the problem is that budget and hertz—which both feature ford vehicles—list the focus as a compact, one step below intermediate or midsize. similarly, the cobalt is called a compact by alamo, avis, and national i guess we could say a rose is a rose, or something like that. i know my dad is waiting until he is 70 1/2 to start taking ss.  he still plans on working full time too.  i think my mom (who is 66) has started to collect off my dad's ss without him getting penalized. i'm sorry, but i simply just do not see the reason for all the hand-wringing over a car that uses premium. lets say that you drive 15,000 mile/year and your car gets 28 mpg. you'll use 536 gallons every year. assuming the delta between regular and premium is 30 cents/gallon will mean that using premium will cost you an extra $161/year- <em>  a whopping 44 cents per day </em> . oh the horror... (mandatory disclosure all of my cars except the '02 and jeep require 91/93 octane gas; the ti did not need it until i fitted the turner/conforti chip) the rdx recommends premium for best performance, but regular is ok. i often use regular and notice no difference.  just took a trip today and got 32 mpg on i think mid grade. for social security, there are some good free online calculators. handy for deciding when to start.  will look for links when i get home. good calculation using the driver type method of breaking it down to see how little it really costs. a good article on this topic at edmunds; the article says it may cost $3 more to buy 15 gallons of gas, which is only $150 a year if you buy a tank a week...similar to rrs findings. it answers my question, some cars could actually save you money if you use premium fuel though it isn't called for...the engine just runs more efficiently on it.  rare, but happens. assuming the delta between regular and premium is 30 cents/gallon will mean that using premium will cost you an extra $161/year- <em>  a whopping 44 cents per day </em> . roadburner , that savings represents 161 pulls on a dollar slot machine so please don't minimize the impact on my budget. the real killer in car ownership is depreciation not fuel costs. most people prefer not to focus on that part of the equation and i don't blame them. both my last &amp; current vehicles recommend but don't require premium.  with my last car i did a prolonged test &amp; ran regular for several weeks.  what i found was that while the power difference was slightly noticeable (but insignificant wrt real world driving), the car got about 1/2 mpg worse fuel economy on regular.  at the time the price delta between rug &amp; pug was about 20 cents a gallon; it was effectively a wash.  so i stayed with pug. and nowadays i just don't drive that much.  38k miles over 54 months so 8400 miles/year.  fuel cost isn't a significant part of monthly budget so i stick with pug even though the price diff is now more like 40 cents a gallon. you didn't buy that bmw on craigslist did you?  if you did it could be a knockoff !! lol..........but other people noticed this and are writing about it too; mike, i am so sorry for your loss.  i can't even imagine losing a child. may your happy memories of your lives together be a comfort to you. my heart felt condolences.  i cannot imagine how you must feel. mike, you have had more sad events than any person should have to deal with. words cannot even begin to express the sorrow i feel for you. so very sorry to hear this, my thoughts are with you. oh no, that's terrible mike.  no one should outlive their kids. very sorry for you. i am so sorry mike; you will be in my prayers. mike, let me add my condolences on your loss. i'm so sorry that you didn't get to have one last visit with your daughter; even though there was nothing you could do, they should have given you the opportunity to say goodbye. so sad mike.  i couldn't imagine having to go through that.  prayers with you. so sorry to hear of your loss, mike, please take care of yourself, i am so behind in posts that i gave up and went to the end. i was looking forward to congratulating gg on his wedding, and instead i just read mike's sad news. mike, i'm really sorry for your loss. i can't even imagine what you're going through. my condolences. mike, i am so sorry for your loss. please accept my condolences and may your daughter's departed soul rest in eternal peace. interesting point about the ethanol added to 87 and 89 octane in canada. i would switch to the 91 octane just because of this. you will get better mpg and the engine will love it. mike, my prayers are with you. she will live on in your heart. i'm so sorry to hear, mike. too young. houdini...i have a few questions for you...i am not that knowledgeable about fuels.  why is ethanol a problem?  also, it seems that ethanol is also in regular and mid range gasoline in the usa too.  here is a bit of the article i found regarding shell shell, for example, uses more volatile fuel here in winter “to provide better cold starts and driveability.” shell and other mainstream refiners are constantly adjusting their fuels on an almost weekly basis, one of the reasons i am constantly recommending the use of fresh fuel. the fuels also differ geographically. shell typically only uses ethanol in regular grade fuels, in specific markets including the lower fraser valley and southern ontario; <strong>  ethanol is used in all regular grade fuels in the united states, regardless of the refinery of origin </strong> . you can read the detailed article at i am no expert either, but this is my understanding. the more ethanol that is added the poorer your mpg because ethanol has less energy or some such. it is very hard to find ethanol free gas in the u.s. virtually no ethanol free reg. you can find ethanol free prem. but you have to look for it and it costs more. also the ethanol is supposed to be very hard on things like gaskets, hoses, and such...and recently many are saying ethanol is worse than gasoline on the environment, etc. moving to ethanol was more a political thing in the u.s. it sounds like ethanol free gasoline is easier to find in canada. i try to use it here whenever possible. i have also heard that some car companies will void your warranty if you use over a certain percentage of ethanol. maybe 15%?  hopefully someone else knows more about this. ethanol has more issues with water in the system, and gunk gumming up the works. it was supposedly implemented as a way to reduce dependency on foreign oil.  at this point, it is mandated because the huge agra conglomerates make a fortune out of it, and they own enough of congress that common sense or real science will never take over. i got a tank of ethanol free gas for my last van last year - hard to say just from one tank, but in my case it made no difference at all. so sorry to hear that news mike. my sympathies. thanks to all those who chimed in on my social security question. i will pass your wisdom and sentiments to my friend and hope it helps him make an informed decision. for me, i plan to take ss benefits as soon as i reach full retirement age. and for my canadian bloggers, what is the full retirement age in canada? same here.  station down the road went over to ethanol free premium.  20 cents more, no difference in performance or milage. i was able to find some ethanol free regular for my test tank; seems to be a pretty rare item around my home stations. &gt; thank you to you and stick for that info about ethanol...i hadn't even considered it before.  i was thinking though, my 535 is made and tuned for the canadian market, they know what gasoline has in it here, they have a sign on the inside of the gas door that says to use at least 89 octane gas....so if they think it is ok it should be ok....i would think they want to keep the value of the cars high and have good trade in cars, so i don't see why they would tell you to do something that would not be good for the car. mike -- what a blow.  i can't imagine the death of a child.  as you can see by now, our thoughts are with you. right now retirement age is 65.  you can get a reduced pension starting from age 60 if you apply.  there is a plan to make retirement age 67 in 2023, because people are living longer. i am 67 but my wife and i took our retirement payments starting at age 60.  you never know.  also, it is like having an allowance.....extra income we hadn't really put into the retirement equation. an interesting article in yesterdays national newspaper,  this generation of retired people are the most affluent by far....in canada.  house prices rose at rates we will probably never experience again (we haven't had a crash) and the stock market has surged like never before.  it said luxury cars used to make up 5% of the total market, today they make up 10%, and seniors by 1/3 of them.  todays seniors are working longer than ever, and have the highest employment rate.  they are big consumers, if the product is right.  they love to travel, and will spend on clothes and jewellery etc., and they are learning to spend and enjoy their money. mike.....thoughts, prayers and sincere condolences sent your way. to all my poster-buddies and ab348, thanks for your condolences.  i've been up to my neck in getting things settled up in chicago and down here in south florida. my dad was in bad shape when i got back.  i had called a company that cares for the elderly and bedridden to send 2 shifts of caretakers every day (800 am - 1200 pm) to my condo to watch over my dad while i was in chicago.  they did an awful job of caring for him - he was frail and thin as if he had not eaten in weeks.  he was shaking life a leaf when i walked in last night from the airport. i spoke to him several times a day, but he never indicated to me that he was not being well cared for.  he had related to me that everything was ok.  he said he did not want to worry me while i was with my family and friends back home in chicago.  good grief.  who can you trust now-a-days? i just got back from shopping for groceries and cooked him a great lunch.  it's going to take me weeks to get him back to where he was before i left for chicago. at least i got to meet my son's so and her children as well as my grandsons.  i was really impressed with the grandson who has asperber's syndrome with ad/hd.  i was able to understand most of what he said.  he is an extremely bright boy who possesses delays in socialization skills and language skills.  he was very patient with everyone and sat quietly throughout the memorial service at the funeral home and at the cemetery.  the schools have obviously done wonders for him since i last saw him. my sil was in pretty sad state, needless to say.  my other two grandchildren were pretty shaken up, with reason.  losing their mother while still in their early and mid teens is very traumatic.  they are going to fly down in august so i can spend some quality time with both of them.  i'm going to take them to disney world for 4 days.  it will also give my sil some private time to settle financial and business affairs. my son is flying in tomorrow with his so and the 2 grandsons and his so's 2 kids.  they are going to stay at a hotel that just opened up a short distance from here.  my son wants to see his grandfather (my dad) while he still can and wants both boys to spend some time with him as well. hopefully, i can get back to normal sooner rather than later. again, thanks to all for your kind thoughts, prayers and words.  it means more to me than you know. *driver, i would assume the same is true for the u.s., yet auto makers tend to neglect  this senior market niche.  they all seem to pursue a younger demographic and basically ignore the folks who have the real wealth and can afford premium level vehicles. case in point, buick dropping the lucerne and cadillac moving to an edgy and performance oriented brand image. fair enough, but why be surprised when sales of the domestic near luxury brands shift to the foreign marques. mary barra, i hope you are listening? oh yeah, i forgot about the ss question.  traveled over the weekend, and working off the ipad makes it hard for me to post links. anyway, this is one site that has a really good estimator.  and no personal info (as in your ssn0 required.  easy to model different scenarios, and takes into account what is important to your situation. troweprice.com/socialsecurity i actually agree about traditional "old people" brands straying too far.  fine to have some entry level models to attract younger buyers, but keep some of the traditional stuff for the repeat buyers that keep you in business.  but sadly, these days it seems to all be about branding and projecting an image. i am not sure american brands are neglecting seniors....they seem to attack it a different way.  there is no doubt cadillac is catching on.  they are aiming for seniors who want more performance and better handling from their cars....they know just because a car is a cadillac doesn't mean it will impress anyone.  i don't think there was much of a market left for cars like the buick lucerne.  that is the old style barge, wrong image.  but the newer smaller buicks with turbos could win back some seniors.  then there is lincoln...you would have to be an older senior who is looking for a car that used to impress people with it's name.  lincoln just isn't a younger seniors kind of car. it seems cadillac and to a lesser degree buick are on the right track.  the big problem is turning around their images.  i know our mercedes 1999 and 2003, all our bmws and the audi are all fun cars to drive and they have a level of handling and performance that please a huge part of the luxury market.  why would i risk going back to a brand that i left many years ago...to give them another try?  i don't change just for the sake of change or to save a few dollars.  the d3 have to earn my business and i don't see it happening anytime soon.  more than that, i'd have to be very unhappy with our current bmw or audi to make me change brands....or, much better alternative has to appear on the market. i have done the gm, ford, chrysler thing, and i liked those cars at the time, but, there would have to be a very good reason for me to go back. very astute observation bwia. the problem with the older demographic from a marketing view is that, while they have the wealth, they just don't buy cars as often as younger people. i think that is one of the reasons for gm's marketing change. it will be interesting to see if this works for them. mike, keep us posted, our hearts are with you. that is true, and the article mentioned that.  seniors will buy the car they have always wanted, and they know they can now afford it (empty-nest, no mortgage, pension they can live on), but, they don't put a lot of miles on their cars, and as the article said, todays cars can last a long time. that means the seniors who do buy luxury cars and who buy 1/3 of those cars, are buying them less often.  if they bought more often they would be an even larger percentage of the total. some cars like the 535 are a little softer to attract the older demographic, however, there is enough handling and performance to make the car fun to drive.  maybe the problem is, how do you get seniors to buy more often.  possibly better technology and easier to use technology (rear camera, cars that park themselves, easier to use gps, bluetooth etc.). rory mcilroy wins "the open".  unless you have played this treacherous game, it is hard to realize how hard it would be to lead this tournament for 4 days and win at the young age of 25. my hat is off to him. what a fine young man. i guess that depends on how you define it. canada pension plan is something you pay into while you are working, cost-shared by the employer. you can begin to withdraw it as early as age 60, at a reduced rate. it used to be that full amounts started at 65, but they are increasing that now to 67 and you supposedly get more if you wait to start until then. then there are the other govt pensions that are not employment-related, which kick in at age 65 iirc. i need to learn all about this stuff now. i admit to total ignorance on the subject. i an lucky in that i get a decent work pension after 32 years of employment, so i am retired now at 57. i have had some health issues so that colors things a bit, but i honestly don't think i could have lasted working much longer. the last couple of years i felt tired and bored at work, and i know i wasn't as productive as i once was. handling the same issues over and over again just wears you down. i'm so glad i no longer have to do performance appraisals, business plans, etc. i think that there is a lot of truth to the adage, "you can sell an old man a young man's car- but you can't sell a young man an old man's car." that said, more than a few of my friends who were car nuts in their youth have become 100% old farts, buying a depressing succession of appliances and geezer-mobiles. me, that's my textbook definition of hell- especially if you throw in a few minivans... speaking of canada, did they expand national health care to include a travel trailer for every family?  i came down from upstate ny (albany) saturday, back to jersey, and we saw so many large trailers with quebec tags that it seems the entire province evacuated.  i assume many of them were headed to the jersey shore. i don't know much about bmw, especially m3 type, but this one lookd good to me and is going to expire in a couple of hours, 1998 m3 bmw 75k miles, there are pockets in the us that are favored by quebecois. i remember when i was a kid learning that old orchard beach in maine was one of those, and later heard about some others. well, i like that generation.  probably too labor intensive for a rookie, but looks nice and clean.  love the color combo, but oh my, an m3 automatic?  heresy.  just, no. and only 10k put on it in the last 10 years.  hopefully a pampered garage toy, but maybe not enough to even keep it loose. my brother and sister in law just took delivery of a new audi a3. pretty impressive. hopefully audi has improved in the reliability issues. oh, man...just what gm needs right now! i just called my son and told him about the a3 that's new to the family. according to him, it's just a tarted up jetta!  didn't know that! 45 years ago today. we put a man on the moon and i got my driver's license. historic indeed. the a3 is much more than a tarted up jetta.  not even on the same platform at this point.  the base engine is the same though, but that is normal corporate action. look at them side by side, and i doubt you will find much commonality.  far from a cimmeron/cavalier arrangement! uh, no. what is your source for this report? this is old news from a couple of weeks ago. from bloomberg "the detroit-based automaker issued an urgent order dated july 8 to its dealers to stop delivery of 2014 cadillac cts sedans that use a standard key ignition. the order didn’t apply to the newest models with a push-button start. the notice became public after the u.s. national highway traffic safety administration posted the document today as part of its continuing investigation of gm vehicle recalls. gm, in the notice, also told dealers not to sell 2003-2013 models of the cts and 2004-2006 models of the cadillac srx from their used-car inventories. gm said in a july 16 letter to nhtsa that dealers will supply two replacement key rings to affected cars, and those with slotted keys will also receive key inserts. the letter said only 258 cadillacs from the 2014 model year are affected by the stop-delivery order." like ab says, quebecors who generally speak french more than english find areas they prefer.  in florida they like the east coast, while the rest of us canadians choose the west coast. reviews for the audi a3 sedan are excellent, and all reviews i have seen say it is a better built car than the mercedes cla. excellent edmunds review isn't the a3 based off the golf platform? so it's a tarted up golf, not jetta. trucks") from what i've read m3s are the holy grail of bmws.  that's a lot of money for a 16 year old car that promises to be an expensive repair bill.  but if you are a fan money doesn't matter. that generation m3 is a bit of an odball; the us version got a hopped up version of the standard engine rather than a true ///m motor.what hurts this car in my eyes is the slushbox and the droptop. as far as repair expense goes, not a lot goes wrong with that vintage, and the fact that the motor is rather plebeian is a bit of an advantage. suspension bushings and the cooling system are the the main areas that will eventually need attention, but the droptop and slushbox hold the potential for some annoying issues. i think the price is on the low side, actually... yes, as i recall bmw had trouble with the arms that lowered the metal tonneau over the top--they were not hefty enough and would bend, and then jam. i believe there is a better fixed planned, but, for now, gm/cadillac wants you to take certain precautions.  maybe they should offer special spongy knee pads so you don't hit the key with your knee. i am so truly sorry about the untimely death of your daughter.  you are in my thoughts and prayers. when i see such things, i am always reminded of this news story from 20 years ago i missed that bit of spam, edmunds must have deleted it. i'd also like to see the state farm pop up that's constantly at the bottom of the screen taken off. annoying. in my opinion, when an advertisement become obtrusive like that, it actually chases customers away. catching up mike - sorry to hear of your loss.  yes it is gut wrenching to lose a child.  as i noted recently, we lost a dear friend to breast cancer and she left behind a 17, 13 and 10 yo. ethanol is also a replacement for mtbe which was used as an oxygenator for years in gasoline.  but it's also a horribly toxic chemical. quebecois love the southern end of maine for vacations.  old orchard beach, kennebunk, portland et al are popular spots.  maine is far enough away but close enough for them.  but they need to leave their fashion sense behind.  there ain't nothing pretty about a hairy, rotund guy strutting around the beach in a speedo. &gt; you would think that with quebecers french fashion sense they would know better than that.  i hope they don't wear birkenstocks with socks....what a fashion faux pas! you are confusing montrealers with quebecois - there's a difference.  montrealers are fashion savvy.  quebecois tend to jorts, sleeveless shirts and carling black label.....at least in my experience. sorry for your loss, mike.  we can only hope she has gone where the roads are all smooth, the lights all green, and the drive-thru's always get your order right. excellent review!  the red car in that photo is what they bought. i sat in it and i was impressed by the fit and finish.  it isn't much bigger inside than a civic but for them it'll fit the bill! to each his own i guess but i've never driven one so i wouldn't know. wonder what that 1998 finally sold for? speaking of m type bmws i saw a m6 convertible pass me on the way home today.  looked nice.  what's your opinion of those? - extremely sorry to hear of your loss.  my thoughts are with you and your family. the problem to me isn't the fact you normally don't do 200 miles in 1 day.  it is that you never can. now, if you are looking at an ev as purely a 2nd/commuter car (always around town, to the station, short hops) with a 2nd car available for any travel or longer drives, then you can make a case for it.  but there is no way i am planning on one for an out of town/longer trip. how about a nice portable generator on a trailer?  just hook that up and charge as you go! they already thought of that...it's called a hybrid ! my thought is to use those 200 mile batteries with a hybrid like the prius or camry...or put a small gasoline engine in the tesla. thanks, snake - i appreciate your kind words.  thanks, kirstie, for your thoughts. i came to the same conclusion as did you, snake, about 6 months ago.  additionally, i choose gas "brands" using the same philosophy and extrapolation.  as an example, if costco is selling their premium grade for 18 cents a gallon less than my chevron station, i choose the chevron station over costco.  remember, the only credit card company that is accepted at costco is american express down here.  american express does not consider costco a gasoline station, for some reason - thus i get no cash back. on the other hand, my chase and discover cards are accepted at chevron stations and i get a minimum of 1% back on each purchase.  so that drops the cost of the gas by 4 cents.  twice a year (july 1-sept. 30 and again jan. 1 - march 30) i get 5% back on each purchase, which makes buying chevron even better than costco. but to get back to your comments about using a lower octane gas because of pricing - it really is insignificant when you consider the difference. speaking of taking social security and pension benefits sooner than full retirement age, i took both my illinois pension and social security pension a bit early. i took my illinois pension starting at age 62, or 3 years sooner than full retirement.  i figured it out that i would break even at age 71, and then i would begin losing ground after that.  i reach 71 in october of 2015.  so, i've been collecting retirement benefits for quite some time and cola increases each year, as well. for social security, i took it at age 64, or 2 years earlier.  the way the ssa figured out for me, i would break even at age 74. so for me, earlier retirement made sense since i have quite a few health issues and don't expect to live to be 80 or 85. the increases in social security over the past 4 years has been meager, if anything.  food prices have been rising at 8-10% per year but my increases in ss have been 1-2%.  the way they figure cola increases for ss is somewhat mind-boggling. early retirement options are good depending upon the break-even age.  in my case, it was better to retire a few years earlier than to wait since i had to care for my dad and could not work. mike  my heart is absolutely broken for you and your family.  but, my thoughts are with you.  better days ahead. thanks very much for this info.  that's pretty good mileage, especially if she uses regular gas.  i would be probably interested in the same model - base model with no tech pkg. mike, i'm so sorry about your daughter.  even though i don't know you, i have enjoyed reading  your posts.  it's a terrible thing for a parent to outlive a child.  both of my parents outlived one of my sisters, and my mother outlived my other sister.  they were as sad as i ever saw them during that time.  your family will be in my prayers. speaking of mpg,  my wife followed me up to ny last friday ( i was driving a rental truck).  so our normal route, but slower.  mostly highway, just at 62-65 vs. the normal 73-75 or so.   when we arrived, the rdx tc was sitting right at 32 for the 250 mile trip.  i got about 29 coming back at normal speeds, and 28-29 is about the best i can usually do on that trip up. but man you get whiplash watching cars fly by!   and it does take longer. one problem with the slow route is that in many cases, including the trip i was on, it doesn't really exist.  unless you want to turn a 4 hour trip into an 8 hour one! so the option is to just drive slow on the same highway.  nothing relaxing or scenic about that! but it pales in comparison to other expenses connected with a vehicle purchase- depreciation, options, etc. and it is especially laughable when those complaining are flipping new cars every 2-4 years... we purchased a new 2008 passat, with the 2.0t engine.  the owner’s manual, and the decal on the fuel filler door recommended 91 octane.  the dealer said regular, 87 octane was fine.  i spent quite a few hours researching this, reading other opinions out on the various vw and other model specific forums.  i decided that i felt better about running the premium fuel, and we did so. 103,000 miles over the course of 6 years.    overall mpg average was close to 25, so 4,120 gallons of gas.  sometimes premium was 20 cents per gallon higher, sometimes 30 cents.  so call it an average of 25 cents per gallon.  4,120 gallons times 25 cents more per gallon, comes to $1,030.   divide that by 72 months, it cost us $14.30 per month, and i always felt good about my decision. as roadburner said just above, compared with depreciation this is not a big deal. the price delta drives me nuts.   always used to be about $.10 per step.  now, it seems to be much bigger. i got gas yesterday at exxon.  rug was 3.33.  mid grade was 3.69, and pug was 3.89.  so r to p was $.56.  that is getting up there.  but sometimes at the sunoco i use it is only about $.25 or so. what really seems odd is why 89 octane isn't 1/2 way between the other 2, since i believe they just blend the 2 to create it! that assumes a real 200 mile range.  what happens when you run ac, heater, radio etc.?  i briefly considered a mitsu electric but the real world range just wouldn't accommodate my 50 mile average daily commute. 50 miles/day is way past my comfort level for an ev.  when i was going to my office, it was about 3 miles of stop and go down the road, so perfect for that. i've also seen the differential jump from $0.20 to close to $0.40 on rug to pug.  imho, it's because rug is more of a commodity item than pug.  people who use but don't need pug can drop down.  those of us with vehicles that require pug don't have a choice. as for the extra cost, over 9+ years and 115k miles, i've spent an extra $12 a month for premium in my passat using $0.25 differential. if you are completely bored with absolutely nothing to do you can watch this guy who hooked up his truck so he can get 200 miles on a few gas fumes. people love this video. mike, your example is exactly why i took my ss the minute it was available.  right now i can enjoy the extra money, tomorrow who knows. i look at my parents as an example.  when they were in their early to mid 60s they were active, traveled, golfed, you name it.  10 years later their health problems and age made them stay-at-homes.  at that point they didn't need the money they had, let alone extra money. as for my pension, i'm in my best earning years and since nys calculates benefits on you best 36 consecutive months i'm banking money every day i keep working. stick, was that you swerving all over in a u haul?  i told you to stay off rt. 85. how's the kid enjoying albany?  has he found the golf course about a mile down new scotland ave.? man, if i combine that with the tornado, can i get 400mpg? and here manufacturers are spending millions developing direct injection when all they needed to do was make a $10 gasoline bong for their cars. farmer, so far he likes it.  all excited to be getting his first real apartment set up.  and yes, he looked at mapquest before going and knows where all the courses are.  just needs to find people to play with, though entirely possible he will just go over and play as a single fill-in some weekday when he is off. and no, not me on 85.  careening down western?  well, maybe... hey, you can hire my kid if you need farm hands.  one day while he was still crashing in a'dam, my sils bil hired him to help load hay bales into the barn (they have the farm on the hill).  4 hours of moving 60# bales off the wagon into the elevator.  said it was the toughest $40 he ever made!  tough way to make a living, but he did get a workout at least. lol....and that guy may have had one too many bongs himself. ha ha i'm surprised he lasted 4 hours.  if he really wants torture i have a friend who's picking peaches right now.  they say it's like  being covered in needles and wrapped in a blanket of fleas and fire ants. well, maybe he could were the clean room suit he has to wear in the lab.  might be hot, but certainly covers you up! last time i did 200 miles a day?-----today! in california, we'd drive 100 miles for a good taco. q  in the olds 442 what does 4-4-2 stand for? a 4 barrel carburetor, 4 speed transmission, and dual exhaust. one more for today; q what u.s. production car has the quickest 0-60 mph time? a the 1962 chevrolet impala ss 409. did it  in 4.0 seconds. does this sound possible....nothing faster since then?????? true for the original 1964 model. of course later years let you order an automatic transmission. the only way a 409 '62 impala could do 0-60 in 4 seconds is by dropping it off a tall building... maybe with jet-pack assist. especially not with those tires on the rear of the car in the picture. not much grip happening there for full power burnouts. lol..sounds a bit exaggerated.  i would think the new 707 hp dodge challenger would be faster. one article said the ss 409 had a light weight body....not sure about that either. , is it my imagination (or my pc?) but are a lot of your recent posts getting double-posted? if a "stock" 409 did 0-60 in four seconds you can bet that the car was fitted with dual quads, slicks, a numerically high rear axle ratio, and an uncorked exhaust. most likely it was an ultra-rare super stock( <strong>  not </strong> the same as an ss) car. , k, thanks, no biggie. never sure if it's the site or me. i agree.  if it is doing 4 sec 60 runs, it's not street legal.  i don't care how much displacement, how "lite" the body was (let's admit it, that thick gauge steel was anything but "lite", how little exhaust restrictions the car had, muscle cars of yore weren't nearly as fast as some of today's sportier cars (let alone today's up-to-date muscle cars). if you look back at the muscle car tests from 1964-1970 you'll find that a lot of the press cars were seriously "massaged." on top of that, the drag race oriented mags such as <em>  hot rod </em> and <em>  car craft </em> would often remove the air cleaner, power steering belt, advance the timing, and throw on a set of "cheater" slicks. at best, with all the goodies you could buy, a low 6 second car. for those costco gas buyers here, to get the best price at a costco station, do you have to be a member?  or is the best price available for the hoi polloi? have to be a member and swipe your member card. i can't speak for costco (not a member), but for sam's club you can't buy gas until you swipe your membership card.  from the above (mr_shiftright), it sounds like costco is the same. for social security, i took it at age 64, or 2 years earlier. the way the ssa figured out for me, i would break even at age 74. very good rational for starting benefits early. a restaurant owner friend of mine started  taking social security benefits at 62 while he continues to work full-time. *snake probably can explain the tax angle better, but to me it does not seem to make sense to take a reduced social security benefit, be taxed on 85% of the amount received, and invest the net proceeds at 1/10 of 1% interest. he said, he wanted to get back every penny he contributed. fair enough, but isn't that an overly conservative strategy? besides, don't most people get back all of their contributions in three years? thanks, mr. shift and henry!  guess i'll have to start considering a costco membership... ld....for the savings in gas alone (and it's top tier, too), it's worth the membership.  then, you can stop being "hoi poloi" but driving 20 miles to the nearest costco sort of defeats the purpose... i looked at my social security stuff on-line just now.  if i retire next year at 64 and start drawing, it will take about 4.5 years for me to get back my contribution. it will take about another 4.9 years to get back my employer contribution.  those two amount to about $222,000 so far. that does not include the $26,000 ($52,000) total that i and my employers have paid on medicare. my first payment into ss was 1963. the chart shows medicare started in 1966 so i did not pay into that for the first 3 years. that 62 impala isn't even close to being the fastest production made car  0 to 60. see the top 10 (all under 3 seconds) this is what one guy said about the 64 impala ss 409; this car available with 2 transmission. the muncie m20 wide ratio with 3.08 final and muncie m21/m22 close ratio with 4.11 and 4.56 final. it also has same suspension like 2 door ss version. it's enough to hit 146 mph with wide ratio and hit 0-60 mph close to 5 sec with close ratio. however, it has heavier body than the 2 door ss so it's slower than 2 door ss in acceleration. but, even you can't run into 150 mph, but this car proven faster than galaxie on drag strip due to lighter body. here is some info about the 63 ss 409 which could explain the light weight chevrolet offered the 409 with solid lifters and a single four bbl carb good for 400 bhp and a solid lifter 409 with two four barrel carbs good for a whooping 425 bhp. as if that wasn't enough, chevrolet introduced a new engine, the z-11 in mid 1963. this was a 427 cid v8 loosely based on the existing 409 but featured a smaller bore and a longer stroke. it featured angled valves and was nicknamed the "porcupine head motor." although it was officially rated at 430 bhp, it easily made close to 500 bhp and was an instant sucess at the drag strip. unfortunately, it was only available to factory approved customers through chevrolet's rpo (regular production option). it was usually coupled with the optional factory fitted lightweight front end - aluminum panels and bumper. you guys knew your stuff....4 seconds was off and there are faster cars.  maybe that was the fastest production car in 1964. actualamente, there's a costco right around the corner from me, and they're in the process of putting in a gas station.  hmmm, wonder if they're hiring!?  my fave job of my long, lost youth?  pumping gas!  favorite parts  got a $.10 commission for every quart of oil i sold!  and, regular tips from linda blair. least favorite part?  the regular customer whose austin marina i had to spoon feed gas.  in february.  in new england. its still wrong, but to be fair and clear, the statement was "american car" nearest costco to me is also about 13 miles/20 minutes away, and not someplace i normally ever go by.  so, have never joined. i had friends in high school who worked at gas stations (said they were in the oil business),  this was back in the day of full service.  one used to get tips from rich ladies for lubing the muffler bearings and tightening the zorch, no charge. how much is a costco membership these days? do they check your tank before you pull away from the pumps like they do after the checkout lines? lol! i've got an "exec" membership.  i think it's $100 and change.  but, i get some amount back each year based on how much i spent.  so, i think mine pays for itself, several times overt. regular membership is about $50, i think....give or take? just got a call from my older sister.  she's about 30 minutes away from my house (she's from indy).  she wants to look at a mercedes c class.  she doesn't like the redesign of the e class (which rules out the '15 c class as they look about the same).  she didn't like the way the cla drove (don't blame her....mb has a lot of work to do on that car's suspension). then, we're swinging by the bmw dealership. should be a fun night.....spending <strong>  <em>   her  </em> </strong> money. you are correct, i did say fastest **u.s. production car **0 to 60.  very astout of you qb (not to mention there's always one)......just joking so, i went back to the drawing boards and came up with a pretty good list, top 10 u.s. fastest, 0 to 60 production cars.  it is pretty interesting and i was surprised to find a jeep on the list. should be a fun night.....spending her money. that does sound like a fun evening.  one friend i meet for coffee during the week was telling me  the 2015 gennesis has about every option available.  if you stand behind it for a few seconds the trunk will open.  when you walk away it closes.  huge double sunroof.  beautiful 2 color leather seats with beautiful stitching.  comparable to my 535 with way more options for $20000 less.  thats over 300 hp, and the v8 with just under 500 hp is about $10k more. next week i am going to meet him at the hyundai/genesis dealer to check it out, then go for our coffee.  he thinks it won't be long and they will spin genessis away to be on it's own.  said the 2015s don't say hyundai anymore, and they have a new wing insignia like rolls royce. gg, maybe check it out tonight too! i once owned a 1964 impala ss with the 400 hp 409 and a four speed. it was very fast but not that fast. and, no, 409's never had a "light weight" body. i loved the wonderful sounds that came from the dual glasspacks! sorry for the loss of your daughter. i guess she wanted you to remember her the way you remember her. the genesis badge looks more like aston martin than rolls royce. i just put you on a quest to post more pictures. ‌ further the genesis wing badge has been an option since the genesis was launched.  hyundai's original plan was to launch it as a distinct brand with it's own sales channel.  but the economic dump made them reconsider the idea. ok, here you go i did say looked like a rolls but that was wrong, should be a bentley (it was a seniors thing), personally, i think the 3 look similar. hyundai has been a brilliant company.  they started out with those garbage pony's but they never left their customers completely high and dry.  they built on their mistakes and got stronger because of them.  now they have a car comparable to the luxury leaders, with a 10 year 100k mile warranty. they were smart to wait and launch genesis on it's own...the time has come.  the car can stand on it's own now. would i buy one?  probably not, i have worked too hard and i can't buy too many more new cars, i don't know if i can give up a g3 car, or possibly a indian/british jaguar.  but, stranger things have happened. 2015 mercedes c class isn't even in the showrooms yet, so that's not a player. i think the 2015 c class is a much better value than the e class, from what i can see so far. they all look like chrysler's logo. btw, a black jaguar f type convertible passed me yesterday. very nice. i think there is a resemblance; how come all these logos look the same........it must be a conspiracy! i assume then that you have been following the pension reform battles going on up here in illinois.  the state lost the first round a couple weeks ago.  also, condolences on the loss of you daughter. steve costco membership around here is $55 base, $110 exec w/2% cash back.  i'd probably do base, can't imagine i'll recap the extra $55 in cash back.  looking forward to the gas station coming online, checking out the prices.  unless the 2% includes gas purchases?  xf is actually doing pretty well on mpg, given it's power/weight, i've been averaging over 23mpg over the last 4500 miles, per the obc. if you live in the greater boston area, get yourself a stop &amp; shop card and nix the costco idea. with the stop &amp; shop card (which is free) you accumulate points that can be used to buy shell or stop &amp; shop brand gas. i believe the lowest discount is 5 cents per gallon, but i typically get $1.20 off a gallon and the last time i filled up i got $2.40 off a gallon of shell v-power. there is only one catch, you are limited to 35 gallons per fill-up. no worries for me as my gas tank capacity is 18.5 gallons. i must have missed something.  you get $1.20 off per gallon...so gas costs just over $2 a gallon with the card? bwia, wow, you must really stop!  and shop!  indeed, i am in your neighborhood (boston) and have a s&amp;s card.  but, given my situation, not a lot of points accumulating, the most i've gotten is .10/gallon off pug.  the stations i use are less expenseve or equal to s&amp;s with the discount. won't make a costco decision until i see the actual pricing.  but, i wandered over to costco last night, just to check out the store.  and, had dinner!  $1.50 for a big dog and unlimited fountain drink!  i actually had the turkey sandwich/soda.  might try the pizza tonight, see how it compares to papa ginos. but, heading to la tomorrow, so all my bags are packed, i'm ready to go.  leavin' on a jet plane. yes, $1.20 and more off a gallon. honestly, i don't know how they can justify and sustain this arrangement with shell, but hey, i am not complaining. so, got a car buying store for everyone. my older sister had a jag s type. bought it new. it served her well.  reliable.  relatively cheap to own and operate.  i think it's 12 years old?  i know she has in excess of 150k miles on it.  don't know much about the particulars given it didn't enter into the deal (she's giving it to her college aged son). know that her little brother knows more about cars than she does (and her husband is a lay down), i got the call to assist. we started out with her top 3 brands.....mercedes, bmw and jaguar.  i forced her to look at the acura rlx.  funny thing, she really liked the test drive of the rlx.  price was right, too (mid $40s, loaded up).  where the germans do a better job is "portraying" their cars as somehow superior.  great marketing. anyway, the rlx was immediately dismissed, much to my chagrin. jaguar was next to fall.  she didn't like the xf or the xj, for a variety of reasons, not the least of which was how they were now about 2x in price what she paid for her s type. so, bmw and mercedes made the final list.  bmw first.....we drove a 435ix, which i loved (mineral grey with red leather).  she hated it....she said it looked like a toyota celica from the 80s.  please forgive her, she knows not of what she speaks....i'm sending her to remedial training to rectify. then it was onto a 328ix....loaded up.....$50k+  i was as surprised as she was that a 328ix could be loaded up that much.  still, i knew i could get "my guy" to work a nice deal....get it somewhere around $45-$46.  like me, she didn't like the crude "start/stop" feature with bmw, but as i told her, it's easily defeated. she spied a 320ix, which she liked as well, a bit shy of $40k....could be bought for mid $30s i'm thinking.  for her, she didn't need, nor want the extra oomph.  but, she likes her cars like she likes her men.....loaded.  it didn't quite tick all the boxes on that account. last, but not least, mercedes.  she was immediately drawn to the cla.  gotta say, it's a sexy beast.  but, i'd prefer the suspension in an f!50 that i would in that car.  plus, you can tell where the cost cutting happened.....inside and underneath.  even for a "non-sports" driver like her, it was noticeable.  plus, you're not going to get a discount on one of those.  dealers don't have many and they're getting msrp for the ones they do have.  high $30s to $40k seemed the norm.  the 320i is a better car for the same money......in every respect (except looks). she drove the e but was not all that enthused by the styling.  i have to admit, i liked the previous gem's styling over the new one, too.  plus, it drives like a big car.  not sure i can put my finger on it as it handled fine and it responded well.  it just felt.....well......like it was made for "older" people (no offense to older people here, which to my knowledge, there are none). having said that, she off handedly asked to drive the c class.  i assured her it was the same as the e, just a big smaller.  sales lady came around with a loaded c 300 4matic.  my sister fell in love with it.  hard to figure why, since she didn't like the cla nor the e.  the c struck a chord with her.  two problems.  first, color.  she wanted black with tan interior (and no fake leather).  then, there was the fact i did not prepare an offer on a c class (just the e and the cla). requesting use of the dealership's wifi while the sales lady tried to locate the exact car my sister wanted, i did a hasty offer sheet.  you guys know me....one price.  i quickly figured $2,000 under invoice (guessing that there's some sort of trunk money on it given the '15 is a redesign).  figured taxes, tags, no doc fee included added to the purchase price....voila...my number. i explained my number to the sales lady, how it was an all inclusive number, it was a one time only number, if she could find the car, we put a deposit down tonight. it took about 20 minutes for them to find the car (in chicago, but we are dealing in indianapolis, where my sister resides.  it was found.  sales manager came out to greet us, asking if we were ready to buy right now.  we were. handshake, deal was done. my sister is leaving on vacation tomorrow and they won't have the car until friday.  so, she'll pick it up then.  she left them with 10 benjamins and said she'd pick up the car when she returns.  if they don't have the car by then, the benjamins get returned. everyone's happy! handshake, deal was done. great story gg with a happy ending for everyone.  it sounds like sis got the best car possible for her.  like i say, my friend was knocked out by the 2015 genesis....every option known to man and beautiful stitched leather upholstry for under $50k.-that's with 300+ hp.  about $60k for just under 500 hp.  but sis like me wants the real thing, not the copy cat car.  you only get one chance at this life game so may as well do it the way you want. you did very well and sis should be plaeased. darn, thought the story might turn to a volvo store. oh well. ;b time to register my periodic complaint about the new software. it doesn't remember the last post i read like the old softtware. instead it remembers the last post when i last logged in. so unless i read all the accumulated unread messages before i log off, i will miss some. can some of the mods please talk to the vendor? this is a very stupid design decision. thank you. i knew you would genesis badge mystery. my wife has a stop &amp; shop card. she fills up her car and one of the kids' cars to get the most out of the discount. notice, never my car. there's also the catch with any "card" that the retailer can track your purchases and sell the data to marketers who then send you lots of crap based on your profile.  not to mention telemarketers. driver...thanks.  my sister's happy.  that's all that matters.  plus, she took me out to dinner at a pretty nice place for my efforts, which is a lot more than i've received from helping others buy a car. my sister's a brand buyer.  if the brand is associated with luxury, regardless of how good or bad the product is, it's on her short list.  the 6 cal c 300 isn't all that bad.  i think a 328ix trumps it, an rlx blows it our of the water when it comes to features/performance and bang for the buck.  but, i got the impression she was leaning towards the benz all along. as such, rightfully or wrongfully, i wouldn't have been able to get her into the hyundai store.  now, if it were an upscale separate showroom (like acura, infiniti, lexus)?  maybe.  maybe if it were called luxo limo instead of hyundai, perhaps. q....sorry 'bout that.  volvo didn't even make her list, though. agreed.  all we can do is mention it.  sometimes these issues get fixed, and sometimes there's some silly reason for it being a "feature." gg, on behalf of the billions of jag drivers on this board, let me just say, "d'oh!" congrats to you and your, formerly of wonderful automotive taste, sister! congrats, and you can now consider yourself a veritable car broker, and for troubles you should have asked for a referral fee. recently, when my wife bought her buick encore i jokingly asked the dealership for a referral fee. to my surprise they sent me a $100 visa cash card. btw, was your sister mildly interested in an upscale suv? i had mentioned the range rover evoque when you were soliciting ideas but i guess an suv was not on her radar. they position themselves as the "ultimate in luxury and performance." "...to my surprise they sent me a $100 visa cash card..." i think they call that a "bird dog".  when i bought my eclipse i mentioned the name of a woman at work who had purchased at the same store. her salesman promised a spiff for each referral. as far as i know the promised spiff turned out to be a stiff. they never paid. two sales stories! my son needed a bike for school and my wife and i wanted to start riding again. turns out there's a small shop in louisville that specializes in rebuilding and repairing used bikes a very nice young man owns it; he helped my son pick out a diamondback voyager while my wife decided on a giant cypress. with a helmet and bike lock we spent less than $600. the shop is currently restoring my 1973 raleigh grand prix- even in my early teens i was looking across the pond funny thing, she really liked the test drive of the rlx.  price was right, too (mid $40s, loaded up).  where the germans do a better job is "portraying" their cars as somehow superior.  great marketing. good job gg. well told with a lot of perception about the forces in a person's car-buying, or even their car-shopping motivations. and they gave impala top spot. i was surprised they gave the passat a mild discussion. the car is liked by so many people in many variations from diesel turbo to plain. i did more reading after your post while i was on vacation. i compared more of the articles. i think the people doing the reading of the other reviews and "test drives" aren't as astute at picking out the fakes and the talkers from the folks actually driving cars the way most of us would drive them. i suggest the motorweek method is wrong where the more they can squeal the tires on takeoff the happier they are with the car. the faster in the quarter mile the better they like it. they heavily rely on their expectations of a racing car rather than on the reality of use from the reports at motorweek. they slant their evaluations such as the braking. i've seen cars they bragged on stopping in 128 feet with twitches in the car as "great" while cars from companies they like less which stop in 120 feet are "okay." only good thing i saw on motorweek was that they had two women, one of their own who gives reportss and one from edmunds iirc, evaluate vehicles. i was amazed at how well they explained what they liked and didn't like, from a mother or taxi-mother's value system about certain cars. no squealing tires and acting as if every car should be a race car in order to be useful. i don't usually bet but i had a feeling the benz would win.  my friend who told me about the genesis and how impressive it was, said, one problem they do have is you have people in the same showroom with little kids and they are filling up on hot dogs and donuts and free drinks.  probably not nice to mention it, but, it isn't the best atmosphere for pushing a luxo car. good synopsis of reviews.  good reviews are hard to find.  i find newspapers give information that is too positive....guess they worry about ad revenue.  some magazines review high end cars most people can never afford.  some like consumers report are big on practicality when practically may not matter to the buyer.  the best we can do is sift through the information and try to see what car suits are needs the best. on car reviews i don't how you can review a sports car and a minivan by the same criteria.  sure both should have good brakes but from there everything is different.  the priority for the sports car would be performance while the mini van buyer would be looking at practicality. oh, oh in the latest round of recalls announced yesterday, my buick lacrosse is on that list for a bolt problem in the driver's seat. they caution that owners should refrain from raising the seat until the problem is remedied. i believe our gmc terrain  may be on list for same issue, we shall see. gm is being exceedingly thorough in addressing any slight flaws now. my '14 malibu had a trivial recall for a software update for the hydraulic brake assist. while there i visited the showroom to see how much of a safety threat the camaro's ignition key recall is to the roadways. i sat in the driver seat and found it would be next to impossible for me to bump the switchblade key fob to twist it in the correct direction to move the switch from run to acc. i haven't heard of lots of problems there since the camaro came out, but there have, apparently, been a few reports of that having occurred. it certainly makes me feel safer to know the items that normally would not have been recalls are being taken care of. now we need to ask why the other companies aren't doing thorough recalls as is gm. we have to wonder how many hidden dangers lie in those vehicles while the drivers think they are safe. that's very true. but the folks testing at the magazines grew up on foreign brands during the period of malaise for some of the us brands. they will first be more partial to those with which they are familiar. second, they tend to think everyone is a race care driver. that's why i was so impressed with the two women doing a comparison of some vehicles on motorweek several shows back. of course, it had been set up in a chauvinistic manner in that they were looking for vehicles for a family's use rather than for general drivers and family considered as well. but they were evaluating cars on the bases that the other 99% of buyers would have for a purchase. i believe the buick enclave was one of their likes. i'll try to find that video if it's on motorweek's site. edit this is not the clip i saw on my tape of a motorweek show, but i'll bet it fomented the idea of having a composite of this with some of the show's own clips of two ladies showing what they liked. yolanda vazquez of motorweek caroll lachnit of edmunds.com if you watch the clip, notice the pc and the chauvenism. they didn't have the ladies testing regular bmw's for their feedback, nor regular sedans of any brand. or did i miss that in the videos? the problem with that program is that you have to spend 20% more to buy groceries at stop &amp; shop instead of market basket where i go.  but with the family squabble there, i have been forced to use s&amp;s and shaw's. the $2.40 a gallon is great but that means you spent $2400 on groceries in the past 30 days!!  the max is actually $2.20 and you earn $0.10 per gallon off with $100 in purchases.  still means your family spent $2200 at s&amp;s in 30 days.  your max savings is $77 at the pump when you do so. if it works for you, great.  since i have market basket nearby, i prefer the 4% discount on groceries they are giving this year as well as the lower everyday prices they have. exactly. not really. my wife is the one who does the grocery shopping and she is able to get bonus points galore. don't ask me how she does it but she leverages her savings by shopping at both shaws and stop &amp; shop. that statement sounds like a classic case of turning a bad thing into a good thing.  gm is being extra careful so is a safer company....the other car companies don't have as many recalls because they don't care.  maybe it is because the other companies build their cars with more care.  maybe they haven't allowed shody workmanship to creep into the culture. i have a feeling gm isn't just being overly cautious, this is do or die for them.  they can't get away with pushing recalls under the rug. some of the recalls are trivial, but many show sloppy attention to detail. the automaker is recalling more than 822,000 cars worldwide for a variety of issues, including problems with seats, air bags and turn signals, parts that may not have been welded together properly, and a loss of power steering. some of the cars in the latest recall have already been recalled multiple times for other problems. the 2014 chevrolet impala, for instance, was identified in february as having a defective transmission shift cable adjuster, which could cause the car to roll away after the vehicle was parked. in june, it was recalled again because the ignition could shut off while the car was in motion, cutting power to the engine and causing the air bags to fail. g.m. recalled more than 65,000 impalas on wednesday for a loss of power steering, and it tied the defect to one crash but no injuries. the company also recalled more than 475,000 cars — including models of the chevrolet camaro and equinox; gmc terrain; buick regal and lacrosse; and the cadillac srx — because of a defect that allows the front and passenger seats to move up and down freely because of a loose bolt. g.m. said it was aware of one crash and three injuries related to this condition. it added that the car was safe to drive, but that customers should not use the power height adjuster until the car had been fixed. do i want to not drive my car because a bolt has to be replaced in the seat?  there are so many other brands to choose from, do i need this kind of problem?  the recall problem at gm is out of control, and i doubt it is because gm is the only company looking into problems....because they care. i watched that motorweek episode, and as a matter of fact i recorded it. i believe the theme of the show was what women want in a car. with that in mind i don't think it had a chauvinistic slant.they felt that the buick enclave matched their tastes and desires and as a result their top pick. in the end it felt like an infomercial for the enclave though. still safer than flying. two air disasters in two days? 116 souls perished today when an algerian airline crashed. yesterday, 48 lost their lives when a flight from taiwan crashed due to severe weather conditions. i know it is still safer to fly than drive but these recent airline disasters are unsettling. are you planning a trip to mali or malaysia soon? everything on motor week cones across as an infomercial. how many people died in car crashes the past two days?  guarantee it was way more than died in those plane crashes.  there is no comparison.  passenger air travel is way safer.  only difference is every crash makes the news, unlike cars. not arguing, but i once read an article that said car travel was safer, if you consider exposure time.  plane travel covers many miles for a much shorter period of time.  the article said car travel was safer if you only consider the time you are exposed. might be another, statistics can say what you want them to say. i also wonder, at least you can do somethings to defend yourself in a car.  hard to be defensive when you are a passenger on a plane that is blasted out of the sky by madmen. so it was the enclave they picked in one category! in the heels and wheels story i linked they picked the envoy iirc. i'll give you that i'm a little picky about the chauvinism. but why not have the ladies do test drives of the lamborghini on motorweek? or the golf they just tested? what i would like to see is instead of having the testosterone-handicapped 30-year old guys test driving the various hellcats and other high horsepower and high performance vehicles, let's let the ladies  who are car oriented pick which vehicles to test drive and drives ones that more of us are likely to be interested in buying. i would like to see the bmw models critiqued by someone who is not interested in racing as their sole driving mode. same for the many others on motorweek or in the car mags. maybe they could test drive the buick regal which just came in 1 point behind a bmw model in the testing by cr of premium small cars, tying the c250. cts and ats were also near behind; 84, 83, 83, and 76/76. but we won't see that touted around the internet by the car mags or motorweek. and of course, the "testers," evaluators, or whatever they're called can't resist putting in the usual dig about buick, "“the regal is a thoroughly developed and satisfying mid-sized sports sedan that’s more reminiscent of a german sports car than the** softly sprung luxo-barges that buick was once known for,**” jake fisher, consumer reports’ director of automotive testing, said in a statement." at least they put in "once known for." that's an example of what needs to be rethrough by people perpetuating stereotypes. my 98 lesabre was very comfortable for driving to williamsburg. and it cornered surprising well with a rear stabilizer bar and monroe struts. my 03 was even better equipped from the factory and had a much different feel to the ride, although still comfortable. then when i put on monroe replacement struts and shocks, it was too hard for 5000 miles or so until they softened a little. this is why i think was need to get more typical people doing test drives and get them actually into the cars rather than just repeating what they think a car is like and reporting from the publicity sheet from the manufacturer. just my opinion. i don't think it's just time.  it's probably also a distance, as long as it is above certain threshold.  there is no doubt in my mind that ten round trips from atlanta to boston are much safer on plane than by car.  however, this may not be exactly same equation when you take some short plane trip (say atlanta to jacksonville, florida) vs. short distance-low speed equivalent of local trips, at least in terms of probability of death.  in other words, it may be more probable to get injured on a number of trips to a grocery store than 250-mile trip by plane, but less probable to die. statistics can be massaged, or twisted to show desired predetermined conclusion. human fear of flying is a survival response to an unnatural act, such as getting into a metal (or now even plastic) box in uncomfortable proximity to other people, rising to 30 thousand feet at incomprehensible speed, trusting some unknown individual whose face we often haven't seen to get us where we want and afterwards getting on with you life in far away place, often at different time of day than that perceived by our body.  feel of total lack of control vs. a passable illusion of control while driving exacerbate that fear and allow us to get into car often without thinking about it. the fact that plane crash makes global news, but a bus or car crash barely registers on local footnote means we "tamed" fear of driving, but flying is still foreign.  it also means that it is safer, because plane crash is rare, yet car crash is every day. same thing is with natural disasters.  we often read that storm or flood "killed x number of people".  however, if we considered how many vehicular accidents happens in affected area on a comparable day, the headline should most likely be "hurricane saved x number of people", because at that time nobody was on the road. i'm sitting at lax reading this discussion. would be nice to be within driving distance of the home office, and in a month after we move, that will be feasible. i don't mind flying too much, but it's just more fun cruising behind the wheel of your own car. google maps shows the distance between las cruces and santa monica at 774 miles, or 11.5 hours on i-10. would be a very long day, but doable. ya, two days would be the way to do that. i'm thinking circle tours and avoiding some freeways (that may not be possible in parts of arizona). been wanting to revisit the bay area so maybe that can happen next year. that is a ridiculous statement. how about the chrysler workers who were videoed smoking weed and drinking booze while on break? you think they don't do "shoddy workmanship" when they get back on the line? how about all the ford recalls on their new model introductions? and need i mention toyota a few years ago? frankly, it's makers like hyundai, fiat, and nissan i worry about, whose cars are often mentioned as having problems of various sorts, but never seem to recall any of them. gm is recalling everything that has any problem reported relating to it. it might be one  or two incidents for a given model, but they are recalling many thousands just to be sure. it gives some people an opening to bash them at will. go ahead, enjoy it while you can. thank you kirstie i doubt if gm would be making all these recalls if they weren't caught on the ignition recall.  now, they are being extra cautious because they simply cannot afford to get caught covering up another error. most of the problems are serious ones....i mean losing steering and bags not opening can lead to deaths.  60 recalls for 28 million cars in one year tells me there is a problem somewhere.  it may be in engineering, it may be parts manufacturers, it may be assembly.  i don't see large numbers of recalls from too many manufacturers - and these seem to be never ending.  of course there are going to be recalls, but, there comes a point when continual recalls mean something is not right.  i think we are passed the limit i would accept....i wouldn't take the chance buying a gm car.....i don't want to have to park it for weeks while new parts are made. if bmw had constant recalls i doubt if i would buy one until they got past the problems.  i don't want to park a car i want to use when i want to use it.  i don't have the patience or that much loyalty.  it sounds like you trust gm no matter what, and you have made the recalls sound like a good thing.  i think the recalls indicate a problem, and i am not there to support them no matter what they do. that statement sounds like a classic case of turning a bad thing into a good thing. gm is being extra careful so is a safer company....the other car companies don't have as many recalls because they don't care. that's your opinion and i certainly wouldn't attack anyone for expressing their own opinion. you can only hope, because you likely have no idea how many small things exist. in gm's case an employee and few others made a terrible decision scientifically because the ignition shutting off turns off the air bags. the car still can be steered but is harder to turn. brakes still work. as to the switchblade keyfob, i recall my friend's jetta and passat having that same system. i wonder if those in the vw/audi are susceptible to bumping by a knee and moving enough to turn off the on power. i recall some hondas having problems with customers complaining the airbags didn't go off. i see a current recall for nissan about airbags. maybe we need to start doing further research on other companies and their recalls or non recalls. remember toyota resisted classifying the acceleration problems as other than short duration with the nhsta therefore the interest in their true threat didn't come until more publicity. again i see gm's handling as a positive in a bad situation especially since there may have been deaths directly attributable to the ignition switches. as for for the others, many of the recalls are to check items and in some cases the recalls are for only a few vehicles within the set of vehicles identified because the recall involves certain options. as for the bolt in the seat, you know more than i do on that one. i haven't researched to see just what is involved. my neighbor is a shadetree mechanic supreme. he solicits and does work on many "premium" vehicles including mercedes and bmws. it's amazing what engineering exists in the bmws that is problematic. then the owners don't want to pay for it outside the 4-year service warranty, so they look for the shortcuts. mercedes has quality engineering in their parts by comparison. as one member of our discussion said recently, one car company has nurtured their image very well. i would just some car company's images to be not quite earned, but rather advertised. lots of bmws around here were bought or leased based on advertising for the image people perceived, but then by the end of the full service warranty those puppies have been traded for something else. it's all in the image. and just as in politics a lot of smearing goes on because it's chic to smear certain people or groups. that's why i started pointing out gm has a whole different history than a foreign company does which moved into a niche with  product us makers and their uaw workers as chains-around-their-necks didn't fulfill. gm has many changed products and i think it's only fair to consider those rather than stereotype them. however, the last few decades the evaluation is to look for one thing that a gm product didn't have that the other person's favorite vehicle did, and then that was the end of a fair consideration. i recall when hondas had a 5-speed transmission and gm had 4-speed transmission. lots of smearing because of the 4-speed (mine works very well in my lesabres, thank you for asking). but then gm came out 6-speed transmissions and all of a sudden honda folks didn't think 6-speed was anything better than 5-speeds. but to each his own opinion. i certainly wouldn't attack someone over it. i can disagree with it and make points, however. further, i'm not here pointing out a list of recalls or service bulletins for other vehicles to downgrade their efforts. i'm sure no one wants gm &amp; toyota to have problems especially of the type where deaths occur. the size of gm compared to the us sales of some other companies means a lot more cars involved in a recall like this. also, with many brands if they can keep the cars coming back to them for service they can handle "problems" with tsbs and silent recalls. i remember a coworker talking about his toyota in the 90s where it was in for warranty work for bad brakes on the rear and he went back to his car and they had the top of the engine off doing something to the engine as well. he was only told about the brakes which wore out fast, faster than the fronts. this was in the late 90s. of course, with many people, they never knew that some flaw had been repaired besides the brakes, so they felt their car was just perfect--never had any problems. nobody prohibited gm do just what you described, they chose to ignore problems, blame and ridicule their customers when they reported issues, never volunteer to fix problems announced or not, and act only when there was no other choice.  yeah, those poor abused honda or toyota customers, evil japanese fixed their car and didn't tell them.  gm way, i.e. not doing anything, is sooo much better. imid, let me start by saying i enjoy your posts, you put a lot of thought into your answers and you come up with some good info.  but, just some comments at random; that's like hearsay evidence.  one persons comments don't matter too much.  i have spoken to many people who once owned gm cars, now they own asian or euro cars and they will never go back.  they weren't treated well in the past, and they have found there is a new game in town. some people buy a bmw because of the image it conveys.  maybe success, good taste, like refinement, appreciate superb engineering, etc.  i buy one because i am never disappointed, i know the car will be fun to drive, i know it has been engineered to the max, i know it will retain it's value because people know they are good well made cars, i know it will be designed right and it will have the latest safety devices....no short cuts, no trying to get a car made for a certain price, and having to take short cuts to get to that price.  i don't want to compromise on safety over a few bucks. i have a pretty open mind about car brands.  gm may have changed, i am sure they have, they have to, but, i can only go by recent performance.  i am not going to be the guinee pig who tries one to see if they really have changed.  i am not tied to any one brand, but, i know all my bmws, 4 of them, performed perfectly.  i think one of them had a recall done.  others may have been done during service but that is even better like dino said.  no down time. it's easy to say you have learned from your mistakes and things will be better going forward.  to me, words don't mean much....it's action and results.  i hope gm does overcome these recalls, and the numbers are way higher in comparison to any other car company, but, i am not ready to buy yet.  if i am 100% satisfied with my bmw, and it runs fine, why would i change for a car that has a questionable recall record? i agree...i don't want to take the chance of my car being tied up with recalls.  i heard one woman on the radio who had a saturn in for a new ignition.  it has been 6 weeks and the dealer gave her a loaner car, a dodge.  she said she likes the dodge and will possibly buy one next time. i agree with your comments and understand why you would not buy another bmw.  we had a 1995 volvo that had numerous problems, and i doubt i would buy another volvo.  like i say, i am not overly loyal to any car company, but, i do demand certain standards, i know i will probably feel good about a bmw, mercedes, audi and possibly jaguar.  i just wouldn't take a chance on gm.  i think they will get through this, but, i don't want to be taking a car in for recalls all the time.  btw....what about when the recall time is up and they tell you you are on your own now........gm has done that before too. my problem with gm is that they only build one car i would consider owning- the c7 corvette. nothing else gm cranks out interests me in the slightest. i've even recommended gm products to a few friends, but the chance of me(or my family) buying one is close to zero. having said that, the same is true of almost every other brand out there except for bmw, jeep, mazda, or porsche... perfect!  i couldn't have said it better.  you are right about being forced to make repairs too....before that they wouldn't even pay for people killed because of a failure.  well, maybe this is the new gm....am i going to be the one to risk finding out if they really have changed, i don't think so. the c7 is most definitely at the top of the short list of gm cars i'd own.  i'd also add the buick regal &amp; chevrolet cruze diesel to that list. just curious.  why would you consider those brands but not say, mercedes, audi, (comparable to bmw) nissan, honda, (comparable to mazda)?  hmm, nothing quite comparable to jeep or porche i suppose. sorry i cannot add to the anti-gm debate except to say that perhaps we should have more of an open mind with respect to gm products. whether one buys a german marque or a domestic brand is a choice one makes to differentiate his social class. and of course one pays dearly for that distinction. gm is the #1 domestic auto maker for a reason. its products are beautifully styled, practical and reliable. (yes reliable!) while its unfortunate that some deaths have been attributed to poor design or defective parts it not fair, however, to throw the baby out with the bath water. in addressing these problems gm has taken a comprehensive approach to safety by recalling vehicles for every minor issue, regardless of cost, that now runs into the billions of dollars. by doing so it is trying to reassure the public that gm's products are safe and the company will stand behind its promises, implied or expressed. that is a responsible thing to do and the company should be applauded for its efforts rather be derided as some have chosen to do. c'est tout got a letter in the mail the other day from jeep dealer. pretty much the usual thing, my gmc could be worth $$$$ towards trade in.  couldn't help but notice (because it was in very red background color) the box in upper right asking if i was tired  of gm recalls.   timing of mailer could have been a tad better as it came the same day the newest jeep recall was announced (for switchs that could be bumped, knocking it out of run position and disabling power steering,brakes and air-bags).   hope they didn't waste to much money on that one that's true, but the reason may be much more complex than you would like to admit.  in germany, vw is no. 1 domestic market company, in france it is renault, in japan it is toyota, in korea it is hyundai, etc.  i don't think any of those cases have much to do with true superiority of the product, it is rather a mix of incumbency, pricing, cost, government intervention (customs, regulations) and some national(istic) pride.  this includes gm. strip gm from its fleet sales (rental and especially companies from industries compelled by buy america clause) and how do their sales look then?  perhaps it's not fair to exclude those fleet sales completely, but it is fair to put asterisk on them, because factors going into fleet decisions are different than individual's - mostly it has to do with spending somebody else's money, also with government regulation. i actually agree with you on something - their product is probably best it has ever been, in many cases it became comparable to its foreign competition (partially due honda/toyota lowering the bar, imho).  all i can say to them keep going and you'll be rewarded.  however, it is not reasonable to expect for people to change their minds on a dime, just because the product is better.  this is a process.  it was 30 years of continuous "effort" on gm part to squander so much of good will, the full recovery time is probably going to be equally long, if not longer.  they have to win customers one at a time.  btw, i have similar problem with gm to roadburner - there simply isn't much there that i find appealing to own.  i don't think their cars are "crap" or anything, i simply don't like big, bulky vehicles with huge chrome grills.  i wouldn't mind to get ats, cts, or malibu, impala as a rental, but i simply have no interest of putting a vehicle like that in my garage.  last gm vehicle that i was really (potentially) interested to own was saab 9-3 aero, version with hatch.  i also like the idea of cts, but it's a bit bulky and wagon was auto only, unless you got cts-v, which was too expensive and would have real world gas mileage below 20 mpg. i didn't get my bmw because of "badge", "prestige", or any of that stuff, could care less.  i got it because it was the only rwd wagon/hatchback with manual transmission, six-cylinder engine and sport suspension offered at price that i was willing to pay.  subaru, which i used to own, was no longer interested in building a car like that.  they had wrx, but i "graduated" to something more refined, but legacy is no longer a product it used to be.  audi decided to can that line and sell a nicer outback instead (allroad).  benz withdrew completely, saab went bankrupt.  volvo also missed on couple of points.  none of domestics offered anything close, japanese were not interested, either.  it really was bmw or nothing.  today even they don't have manual with hatch anymore. btw, i find it really interesting that many gm aficionados always cry for "open mind" when it comes to their favorite brand, but in next sentence assign all evil to the competitions.  basically they want to have it both ways. now , we cannot have that kind of attitude here! you'll be drummed out of the group for not jumping on the gm-basher bandwagon if you keep it up with these rational posts. for those who claim that gm makes nothing that interest them, you know what? most manufacturers are like that for me. chrysler? nothing. ford? same. toyota, nissan, mazda? same. hyundai-kia? no way. m-b? love them, but not willing to pay that kind of money. bmw? love them too (or at least some) but the image and the ongoing and expensive service issues that are well-described here make it a headache i don't want to deal with. all manufacturers have their issues. let's just recognize what is going on here with gm right now and move on. this is true.  however, one plane goes down in africa or ukraine and it is news everywhere.  how many people die worldwide in car crashes in same time between each of those plane crashes?  what is a "density" of that, i.e. comparable incident rate vs. some metric that could express real probability? regarding hurricanes "killing" vs. "saving", i'm not convinced - it may be true, but a typical event has a radius of hundreds of miles.  when it passes through, there is nobody on streets in vast areas for hours, vs. bustling traffic on a comparable day.  it would be really interesting to see real statistics about that. psychologists discovered long time ago that humans are very selective in their fears, i.e. their responses are non-linear in nature.  something very rare (and unlikely) but terrible occupies our mind and triggers fears in completely disproportional manner to something that's much more frequent (and likely).  fearing a plane and having no second thoughts about a car ride is completely irrational, but this is the way we respond.  insurance companies discovered that long time ago, hence their businesses are so successful. dino, you get down to the nitty gritty.  european cars have a very different style...you can experience it with art (mona lisa) and with food (italian food), movies (no adam sandler type movies) and in architecture etc.  not saying better, just different.  some might say more refined, more elegant, very sensible.  interiors are generally elegant but not overdone.  there is a difference.   i would find it hard to buy a big bulky chrome cladded car as well.  of course not all american cars are that way, but many of them are. the gm fans always throw this "badge/prestige/image" thing out there.......it can only be because they have never driven a european car to know there is a difference.  once you experience the fun to drive feeling, the steering and handling, the right ergonomics, the engineering put into a european car you will know it isn't just an image thing.  the car is engineered by people who love cars and know how they should feel....not produced by a corporate conglomerate with committees and bean counters trying to produce a product for a particdular price. can't say i understand the gm bashing based on recalls. recalls don't bother me one iota. i bash gm because the large majority of their cars are just dismal. they offer absolutely nothing that interests me. the upcoming colorado diesel is the only thing that comes to mind. i think bashing here is mostly not because gm is recalling cars now, it is that that did not recall them when they should have. exactly.  best example would be recent cadillac commercial, which for me is a perfect repellant.  it features, what i can only describe as "slave masters of the past" (some egyptian pharao on a carrier, some indian maharaja on an elephant and a french queen from louis xiv time in a coach) and then shot of happy people in an escalade coming to some resort, having their bags picked up.  if there was an award for most tasteless and disgusting commercial ever, this one would probably be a frontrunner for me.  buy a cadillac, you'll join most horrible oppressors this planet has seen*. *slaves sold separately. essentially, gm is selling version of luxury that i find lacking of basic taste.  everything in your face to the point of grotesque. i think the best way to judge a car company is to let buyers decide the issue by voting with their wallets. if buyers forsake a product, then that company has done something wrong; if the company prospers, it's hard to argue that there's a not a good reason for it---it might not be the best product, but something---marketing, price, image, whatever--keeps it going. my gm experiences have been documented here. i still think anyone who really wants to get a good inside look at gm (and a great education regarding big business), should read bob lutz's book.  he pretty mush spells out what we all think.  that is, gm is a company that is way too focused on archaic processes and policies, while giving too much power to the accountants and lawyers.  can't argue that given those were some of the first firings done after the ignition debacle.  the lawyers because they took the stance of "see no evil, hear no evil, speak no evil" and threatening their customer base with legal action of their own. the accountants because in an effort to cut every last penny out of a part (ignition switch) they had their engineering team design, it caused harm and even death. lutz told a story about how what is now the "cue" system in the cadillac came to be.  someone came up with the brilliant idea that no one wanted to use buttons anymore....especially some of the older clients that cadillac was so afraid to lose.  the result?  an ill conceived touch sensitive series of sliders (that turn out to be not so touch sensitive because of the cost cutting) that practically no one likes. i do believe gm is trying to right itself, yet again.  they do have some good (not great) products.  the afore mentioned cadillacs and corvettes being just two.  i like their big trucks and suvs.  owned a tahoe at one point, which was one of the best vehicles i ever owned.  but, my mother also owned one of the worst vehicles i've ever seen any car company produce (sts). i don't know how many more chances the public should give them.  many times, gm doesn't even ask for forgiveness, when they most certainly should. i know for a while there. some were calling them "government motors".  i think it's time for the government to either hold their feet to the fire, or let the law suits fly, eating away at them until there's nothing left.  maybe the point will be made then....change or die. i didn't read lutz's book.  i hope he took some responsibility himself, as he was one of those spineless managers running the company at the time. well the company has no choice but that one. no one is ever going to make the perfect car right out of the box. i mean, other automakers have gotten away with things that are borderline scandalous....what about subaru's defective head gaskets on their 2.5l engines---they just told owners to stuff it---and porsche's defective ims bearings that destroyed many a low mileage engine on the 996 and the boxster. precious few owners ever got compensated for those defects, unless under warranty. *slaves sold separately. lol....i almost fell out of my chair with that remark.  the escalade is one car that has a little too much "bling" for my taste.  i have to say, when i saw that ad i wondered what the h--- is going on!!!!! mistakes do happen, but, those mistakes didn't cost lives over a $1 part, and then lead to a cover up.  i believe it was on 60 minutes that one former gm exec said, there is no way one person could order a change for a part and then not get the part number changed.  it sounds logical to me...how does one person do all that in a huge corporation.  they probably paid him a $million to take the blame. gm and other car companies have tried to weasel out of paying for any number of defects.  off hand i can think of gm's northstar head gasket issue, the 3.8l intake manifold gasket (that cost me $600).  then there were the sluging engines from chrysler, honda and toyota of the early 2000s. can't think of too many from ford since the exploding pinto unless you include the exploding firestone tires. so when subaru sells engines that fail prematurely for years and years and takes no responsibility on behalf of the people who bought them, that's a "mistakes do happen" scenario? maybe the reason is that if they did a bunch of execs at fuji would literally have to fall on their swords. this discussion is spiraling down to a point where i'm going to say something that gets me banned soon if i continue to engage with some of the bashers here, so i better shut myself up. maybe the mods should change the title of the discussion to "gm bashers r us - meet here". this is ridiculous. i don't know about subaru's problems and attitudes.  i heard something about honda's transmissions, or toyota's sludge.  i bet every company has something of what they aren't proud.  the difference is frequency.  also, it seems that those other brand fans are often ready to acknowledge those issues (perhaps underplay them somewhat), but every gm forum that i've seen invariably turns into "and look at johny, he is ugly, too" arguments. seems like we had (or tried to start) a "known issues" discussion years ago. caravan transmissions, cr-v ac compressors, subaru head gaskets, new beetle power windows, town car air suspensions. there's just about something for every car (or in the case of a freelander, everything). the thing that always bugs me about the government motors slur is that chrysler is a "two time" loser in that regard, but takes no flack for their second bailout. dino, i don't think "bashing" is the right word to describe what is happening here on this forum regarding gm.  bashing is the word used by a couple of posters who think every time gm is mentioned in a "less-than-angelic" light, it is <strong>  bashing </strong> !  obviously, bashing is not appropriate, in my opinion. yes, i agree the major issue with many people is the fact that gm withheld information about a known defect in a part which had caused deaths and injuries with no regard for the welfare of human beings.  that is the <strong>  key </strong> issue.  everything about what gm has done "since" that became known has been discussed, and discussed, and discussed. i refuse to buy a toyota, gm, or bmw product because of "history" with those companies.  it is a personal choice - but it is not "bashing" a company if i so choose not to do business with those companies because of safety issues or the manner in which they do or "did" business.  in toyota's case, they did the same thing gm did - withheld vital information about defects.  as for  bmw, it was a personal experience with their products that caused me to eliminate them from my "buy" list. yes, the major issue with toyota and gm is their business ethics - the manner in which they chose to do business by withholding information from the public. i always thought that "bashing" took place when you purposely denounce a person, company or organization with "malice"!!!!  there is no malice here.  i am not filled with "malice" when i choose not to purchase a product.  i don't buy the product because of a personal choice. would i buy another bmw or toyota or gm product in the future (if i live long enough)?  of course i might - but it all depends upon what those manufacturers do now and in the future that will attract me to their products once again.  in other words, "...prove to me that you are building a good, reliable and desirable product and i will consider buying your product." agreed, mike.  i adopted the word, because wanted to be "half way" with the defenders.  as you know, i'm not a big fan of the brand for reasons present prior this recall wave.  however, i think there is enough evidence of a criminal cover up within that company, which means that for significant portion of the market it lost whatever remained from good will and it has an uphill battle for even a basic trust.  in other words, there may not be "malice" in gm criticism, but there is not much of good will, either.  in essence, gm defenders demand benefit of the doubt, which gm critics are not willing to give - for obvious reasons. bash·ing [bash-ing] show ipa noun the act of beating, whipping, or thrashing a series of unsolved bashings and robberies. a decisive defeat we gave the visiting team a good bashing. a. unprovoked physical assaults against members of a specified group gay-bashing. b. verbal abuse, as of a group or a nation feminist-bashing; china-bashing. i have no idea how any comments made were "bashing".  several people stated they aren't interested in buying gm cars either because no models appeal to them, they don't like the way the major recalls were handled, they don't trust the company or the reliability. to say that other manufacturers have also had recalls doesn't excuse gm from any of the reasons given for not buying a gm car.  i may not buy a chrysler product because there isn't anything that appeals to me....that's not bashing chrysler.  i wouldn't buy a toyota because i don't like the way they drive, i wouldn't buy a rover because of their poor reliability, i wouldn't buy a taurus because it has a huge amount of metal and little tiny windows,  and on and on.....not bashing.  i wouldn't buy a 750 bmw because it is too big.  i doubt i would buy a gm car because i am not that inspired by what i see, but i just don't have any trust at this time.  where does the bashing come in? i've read a couple of lutz's books.  imho, lutz is too self centered and egotistical to ever think he could make a mistake, must less admit to it. i agree with most of you---- beating the dead horse does seem pointless after a while. the question becomes more about where does gm go from here, and will we see a change of attitude over time? as for lutz, i didn't read his book but i heard him interviewed a couple of times, and i was rather shocked how ignorant he is when he steps out of the car world. but then, i don't know why i would expect auto execs to be renaissance men and women. i also try to keep in mind for myself that what we call "the media" is a filtered medium---that is, both content and delivery are chosen for us---so mere repetition can often make a problem seem worse than it is, and lack of attention can help gloss over serious issues. my (anti)favorite lutz performance was an interview with larry kudlow, when on question why gm's management didn't do anything to break union stranglehold, he said something that uaw had two months (iirc) of strike fund and gm did not.  wow....  of course, kudlow didn't ask "whose fault was that?"  they knew exactly when the contract expires, they knew exactly what will happen at renewal, but they kept doing the same thing.  this really showed me those guys still didn't understand what happened. many people blame uaw for the whole mess, which i think has a lot to answer to (if not them, much of the mess would not have happened).  but it really was the execs, like lutz and wagoner and those before them, who accepted the job with nice pay and watched the company drown and had no spine to take a stand, unlike execs of many other heavy manufacturers did (caterpillar, cummins, et. al).  this of course can be said about chrysler and ford execs, too - the latter woke up eventually, but it took an outsider to fix it.  it was the culture. mercedes- the slr is ok, nothing else gets me very excited. audi- i prefer rwd performance cars; i wouldn't turn down an r8, but i wouldn't pay for one. nissan i like the 370z and the xterra; the gt-r is a fun video game. everything else is boring and bizarre looking. honda- the civic si is ok, but i'd want a hatch... i'd also take a new wrx sti... i'd take a little red wagon with a busted wheel if it was free! i was thinking again (always a dangerous thing) about mustangs and my mind wandered to the new 2.3l turbo model.  considering that a 4 banger is lighter than an 8 do you think the turbo will have significantly better handling? i'm intrigued  that a 4 cly. can put out over 300hp.  what's the hp of your ms3.  i know your's has gone over 100k miles but i'd worry about longevity of such a highly stressed engine. the engine in my ms3 is a 2.3 liter that puts out 263 bhp stock. i added a mazdaspeed cold air intake that added 24 bhp and recently  installed a hypertech tune so it is currently making over 300 bhp. it now has 141k on it and the last used oil analysis(at 135.5k) indicated that the motor is in excellent shape. the turbo and valve timing actuator were replaced under warranty(at 27k and 47k respectively-both known issues on early build cars). i also replaced the egr valve at 69k and the thermostat at 131k. i change the oil at 7.5k using mobil 1 extended performance 5w-30 and  the coolant gets changed every two years. what you need to remember is that at cruise and/or small throttle openings the engine is not operating under boost, so there is little to no additional stress placed on the engine. if you constantly operated the engine at full throttle you might well effect the longevity of the engine, although in my experience even the occasional track weekend doesn't hurt anything, the mazda boards do contain stories of blown engines, but in virtually every case the engines have been significantly modified and or have received a "home brewed" ecu tune. i wouldn't lose any sleep over owning a 4 cyl. turbo- but then i've owned three a 1984 thunderbird turbo coupe, a 1991 volvo 740 turbo, and my 2007 ms3. you are forgiven. hugs! rb jr. and i are now headed for chicago to watch tottenham hotspur fc play the chicago fire tonight. just for giggles i rented a v6 challenger for the trip. so my impressions of the dodge ponycar will soon follow... should be interesting...it would be nice to hear your impressions of a 2015 707 hp hellcat though. play the chicago fire tonight. just for giggles i rented a v6 challenger for the trip. so my impressions of the dodge ponycar will soon follow... what does that penstar 6 put out 290hp?  not too shabby but as i've said before it takes a lot to move all that weight.  looking forward to being proven wrong. no problem, all water under the bridge. it's nice to see that we're talking about cars again in this thread. however, i'd like to hijack it briefly to ask a question of all my friends here. do any of you have a sleep number bed? do you like it? had some time to kill this afternoon so went to the mall for a look around. stopped in the sleep number store and was given a thorough demo of their products. after adjustments, the bed seemed pretty comfortable, but i'm still a bit skeptical on the idea of sending $3-5,000 on a bed, even one with a 25 year warranty. i'm curious wha others think - there are lots of reviews on-line - both pro and con. i have no experience with the sleep number bed but i have heard that it is great for sleeping but lousy for sex. had a sleep number.  the one i had had to be "reset" every month or so as the air bladders had some sort of slow leak.  after several months of them sending out new bladders and me constantly disassembling/reassembling, i requested a refund as ot could never be fixed.  they balked.  finally went all the way to someone at the exec level, who reluctantly refunded my money, less a pro-rated amount (even though it never worked right from the beginning) and had to pick up the shipping tab to their warehouse (they wouldn't let me return it to the store where i bought it). never again.  will ward off anyone who asks from doing business with them. for that money, get a nice temperpedic. spent one night with the sleep number, didn't think much of it one way or another. i've extensive experience with tempur-pedic from house-sitting at friends. about two months worth. really like the foam. wound up buying the $400 version from . going to leave it behind when we move next month. and buy another one. our 95 volvo would just stop running at anytime...on the highway, stopped a t a light, driving down the street.  we took it to 3 different dealers, they couldn't fix it.  head office people looked at it.  couldn't fix it. when my wife took the volvo to one dealer she left it and went across the street and tried a mercedes.  she came home and said i don't care if it is a used mercedes or even a 10 year old one....i'm getting a mercedes next time.  and she did.  turned the volvo in a bit early (leased) and got an mb.  world of difference. it would take a certain set of circumstances to get me to buy another volvo, though i have had a rental one that was great. hope i am not accused of bashing volvo here. bwia  i can't help you with sleep numbers but i love memory foam! (sleep number was new and we didn't compare, though could be gimmicky...just thinking) had two '74 volvos in the family and they were nothing but trouble, especially the rubber bellows for the fuel injection. haven't really considered one since. so my grudge has lasted almost as long as 's has. funny how that works. when i was in high school &amp; 1st year of university, dad bought a new '73 volvo 144 after a good experience with a '68 144. the '73 was the worst car we ever owned. it still had a manual choke and it would not idle properly unless you choked it a little bit. it was delivered with the front end wildly out of alignment and the front tires were used up in a couple of thousand miles. would not start in the wet, attributed to electrical problems. wiper switch fell out of the steering column. radio failed. it was constantly in the shop. too bad as it was a comfortable car when it was working. in those days they advertised the average volvo lasted 20 years in sweden.  even back then i always thought, of course they do....small country where people don't drive too far, and people in sweden don't trade in their cars every few years, they keep getting them fixed and keep driving the same car, no wonder they keep them for 40 years. but, as you say, funny how that grudge works.  from the reviews i have seen volvo makes a pretty good car, but, they got me once, i just don't feel like taking the chance again. it's really irrational in my case since i like wagons and boxes. my sister was out of the house for the '74s and she wound up with a prototypical "square" volvo wagon for most of the 90s and had great luck with it. my volvo is getting a complex reading this.  i had to take the ipad away from it. will do some wingman shopping this week while on vacation.  my sils odyssey but the dust again (a 1999 with 180k on it).  i think it is the tranny.  so they had to leave it at the mechanics and take her sos old sentra to the beach. we talked, and she finally accepts that it is time to let it go.  so i told her we could go out one morning to check out a crv and subarus. a small cuv seems to be the best option for her. i don’t know where lexus got its inspiration for its new design language, but to put it mildly, its new garish “spindle grill” is off-putting. take for example the new lexus nxt, an otherwise nice looking compact crossover, but that grill is polarizing. what were they thinking? i will have to give toyota a two thumbs down on this grill fetish. ah, we'll have to find some other car we can bash. i see what you mean.  on the regular car it is smaller and not so over powering, but it is pretty big on the suv.  i guess they are trying for a unique look, but somehow, it just misses.  i think they tried to enhance the audi grill but just got carried away trying to differentiate it. i used to be a big volvo fan back in the days of the "bricks" but not anymore. our used car manager used to buy volvo lease returns at the auction for a couple of thousand dollars "back of book" but it seemed we always had nothing but trouble with them.  it got to the point that he was given a directive by our gm to never buy another volvo, audi, volkswagen or (especially) a land rover or a jaguar.  when cars like these were traded in they were usually wholesaled.  we just didn't need the trouble and the unhappy customers. i'm sure they aren't all bad cars but it seemed there was always "something" wrong and they were very expensive to fix. my wife's family all had many volvos, and my wife had one.....and they ran for many miles pretty much trouble free.  now, none of them have volvos. i actually like their squarish lines and subdued interiors and styling.  but, as one great president said, "“there's an old saying in tennessee — i know it's in texas, probably in tennessee — that says, fool me once, shame on — shame on you. fool me — you can't get fooled again.” i had just read a glowing review of the infinity q50 eau rouge.....560 hp, 0 to 60 in under 4 seconds.  i like the looks of the car, and they seem to have made a much nice audi type grill than lexus did. however, infinity is developing direct adoptive steering (das) which gives you steering by wire, steering is controlled via computer, not a direct link. this was one readers comments das completely disconnects the driver from the physics taking place around him/her. from my 22-year career in the software industry as an engineer and developer, i can confirm to you that every single thing that a software program can do is purely what the programmers have predicted and assumed might happen in real life. also, mercedes used this system at one time mercedes-benz famously dropped bosch's sensotronic brake-by-wire system in the 2003-2009 e-class and cls-class after a recall affected 1.3 million vehicles, citing costs and software failures that led to loss of consumer confidence but, infinitys look pretty nice; eau rouge concept car not pulling anyone's leg.......when said correctly it is a great quote, when said incorrectly, it was kind of funny, and just one of those senior's moment things! the sleep number is nice, but you can get a memory foam for much, much less, and mine is wonderful.  i highly recommend it.  and you don't have to spend thousands on a name brand like temperpedic (sp?).  try looking at walmart online, that's where i bought mine. i don't think i have ever seen a lexus suv with that grill. what is it? maybe an artist's rendering? new model? this is the nxt compact crossover. the lexus version of the rav4 (sort of). it will be available in the fall. thanks bwia. i agree with driver...just a tad overpowering !! that is brutally ugly. stick, now, tell us what you really think. not to belabor the point but here is the real....fool me once speach.............(18 seconds) you couldn't make that stuff up! looks like exner's '61 plymouth on steroids. looks like the front of the car melted. i mentioned before that i get about 30 shaves from a fusion blade which was about twice as long as my old mach iii. my last fusion blade i tossed after 15 shaves because it got caught in a hair brush in my travel bag and actually cut some of the plastic bristles.  when i used it the next day it sort of tugged and ripped the whiskers rather than cut. my big problem was it is just so wide, so it isn't as nimbile around the corners or in tight spots. kind of like comparing an old spongy handling buick compared to a nimble tight on the corners bmw. that is the 2015 nx.....it is the real thing.  in this view it looks more like a steam shovel; "it is a poor craftsman who blames his tools." herewith my review of the 2014 challenger v6... i'll begin by noting that the 2015 challenger receives some significant upgrades besides the availability of the mega-horsepower hellcat; the 8 speed zf autobox and a "super track pak" are now available with the v6. and a new interior manages to look both more modern and more retro at the same time. as for the 2014 i drove, i can sum it up in two words big cruiser. and i don't mean that as a slam. the thing is huge- 198" long and 4,000 pounds. still, the 305 bhp pentastar does a decent job of moving the big sled down the road; while a 0-60 in the mid sixes and a 15 second quarter mile cannot be considered even remotely fast, it is adequate for this car's intended purpose. and it is relatively efficient, averaging 29 mpg at an 80 mph cruise. the 5 speed automatic works ok, but it isn't all that responsive in manual shift mode. and i think that the sideways autostick function is beyond moronic; left to downshift, right to upshift? which imbecile gave the green light to that? handling is again, adequate. while i would prefer much tighter shock damping and roll stiffness, the person who buys this car is never going to come close to pushing it to its modest limits. steering effort was high(which most drivers think-wrongly-equates to steering feel) but not very communicative. still, it was fine for the type of driving this car encourages. ditto for the brakes. the car is a brilliant interstate cruiser, quietly soaking up most every road imperfection with little to no floating or wallowing- it felt almost european as opposed to a domestic land yacht. i liked the interior; the cloth seats(with power lumbar support) were at least as comfortable as the base seats in my wife's e90 328i but not nearly as comfortable as bmw sport seats or the chairs in my ms3. the base sound system sounded remarkably good. the trunk is cavernous, and the lid uses gas struts so no hinges intrude on the trunk space. the v6 is just not my kind of car, but it is perfect for the demographic it is aimed at. as for me, if i had the money and garage space i'd buy an srt just to take to cruise nights and for longer trips with two passengers. "...while a 0-60 in the mid sixes and a 15 second quarter mile cannot be considered even remotely fast, it is adequate for this car's intended purpose..." thanks for the review.  i concur with your impression of size.  when i saw one up close it looked like a boat. mid sixes is not considered fast any more?  wow!  that's about the best my eclipse will do.  maybe that's why i crave some v8 muscle. i am a poor craftsman.....i can't make or fix anything.  the last thing i made was a wooden shelf in grade 8 shop class and it was crooked.  maybe i fit the demographic for sticking to the regular mach 3. &gt; good review rb.  if i was like jay leno and could afford a huge garage full of cars i would want a challenger for sure.  but, that ain't going to happen. when the challenger first was introduced i loved the design and thought they did a great job capturing the spirit of the original. then i saw one in the flesh and realized it was massive. the car is just way too big (the camaro also suffers from this problem). i saw one a few years ago parked next to the original car at a show and the new one is just ridiculously oversized - it is especially apparent in the rear view. i still look when i see one on the road but realize that it really is a 2-door charger. like most chrysler products now, it almost always comes with a black interior only too, which is another turn-off. too bad. how do they and the mustang compare in physical size and weight? should be about the same, aren't they? just the contours can make a car look bigger or smaller to the eye. oh, no, the challenger is a pig. about 300 lb more and 10 inches longer than the stang. i think y'all know i love my volvos. on the bed issue, we bought a tempurpedic i think around 7-8 yrs ago. fortunately, my chiropractor made himself a dealer and was passing them through to his customers at cost, so i only paid about $1100 for the california king. so pretty near the cost of a high-end spring mattress. i have no doubt this will last a very long time. while i wouldn't consider it the most comfortable bed in the world, it has helped my back issues immensely. not too long ago, i got one of those amazon ones for my son. i think it was $200 or so for the thicker model (twin). i really like that one. it is softer than our tempurpedic. not sure if it will have the longevity of ours, but, for the money, i'd say its a good compromise. thanks to all who responded to my request for information about sleep number beds. after careful consideration - including reading unbiased reviews and comparisons on the web - we've decided to stand pat on getting a new bed for the time being. if anything, we may go the route of a memory foam mattress next time around. the next home improvement item for us are some new window coverings for the home office and the window on the landing of our stairs. morning all - 2 questions for the team as a prelude to a potential sales story. 1 is the real world trade in values thread still alive? 2 thoughts on this car? was looking for a 2012 around 20,000 miles and found this one instead it sure is. x3 looks nice. seems pricey for a 4 year old one.  but i a always underestimate sticker price on new ones. that price is pretty nuts. as a trade, you'd be lucky to be offered $29k for it. let's say it hits their lot at $31k to be generous. add $2500 cpo and $2k profit and let's say $2k negotiating room and they are still $2500 over a reasonable asking price. q...that's what we did.  i bought the tempurpedic through my chiropractor at cost, too.  i think it was about the same price you paid......or about ½ of retail.  i find it comfortable, and sleep well. the best i ever had though was from a company called dormia.  they and a store in one of the nicer areas of cincinnati.  but, the old one i had was about 15 years old, and started to sag a bit.  when i went to buy another, their store was gone. worse than that.  the 2014 mustang gt is listed at 3575 and the challenger rt (v8) is 4082, a whopping 507 pounds. that has to effect every area of performance. as to length  challenger 198" mustang 188.5"-----my eclipse is 179". agreed - while i like the car that is not the price i am willing to pay.  we shall see, we may just hold off all together. we were in the market for a new mattress a couple of years ago when we spotted a memory foam mattress "topper" at costco.  i think it was around 200.00. instantly we had a termpurpedic! wonderful results! you just have to make sure your bottom sheet fits. the nx in the us will have a slightly different nose.  i read that by making it more pointed so it has a better approach angle, the nx qualifies as a truck for cafe standards. the nx in the us will have a slightly different nose.  i read that by making it more pointed so it has a better approach angle, the nx qualifies as a truck for cafe standards. very well detailed from the photos, but in profile it looks more like a station wagon than an suv. as to the price, it looks like a printing error. the car seems overpriced by $10k. i think you will love it.  price seems a little high to me...just a guess but 3 or 4 years old should be about 60% of original cost price i would think. i highly recommend a bmw extended warranty. i also prefer the lighter color interiors...that's something you may want to see to compare. good luck, i don't know how you couldn't love it! we did the same for our guest room bed, and it's the most comfortable bed in the house.  it's more comfortable than our tempurpedic knock-off mattress in our own room, actually.  you definitely need the deep-pocket fitted sheets, though. not old buicks are spongy. however, the bmw ride is definitely taut until, of course, the shocks wear out. speaking of the german ride, i'm realizing that may be what i liked about my malibu. its epsilon ii platform came from german design with opel. the regal i had test driven years back when they first started importing the regal was really tight. i didn't care for it. but i love my malibu on the same epsilon ii platform but modified. re the buicks. it's in the maintenance. let the struts and shocks wear as do many owners thinking as long as it steers down the road, things are fine. but if the struts and shocks were replaced at recommended intervals, the car is much different. crown vics, gran marquis, town cars may also exhibit the same wear with age softening in a ride that is already smooth. i just had the front struts replaced on our 2003 crv with 78,000 miles.  i wouldn't have replaced them except a shock mount went bad and i was getting a slight clunk at certain times.  i know a lot of people wouldn't have even noticed or cared. the old struts must have been going weaker with time because wow does the car ever ride better and it tracks like an arrow now! i made the same mistake with my 03 and didn't think about replacement until 80k and then took a while to decide what struts to use. the front struts were so soft i could push them in and out with one hand as far as slow speed motions were concerned. the new ones were rock hard by comparison. the replacements are the same for all the bonnevilles 2000-05 so they were harder than a buick driver might have wanted. i loved them. now i'm replacing the replacements them after 65,000 miles  with quick struts by monroe. in fact that was my excitement for the weekend. not a sales story, but both struts had the same bolt rusted to the threaded part of the top plate of the strut. couldn't turn them out because the "nut" was spinning. had to grind each one off. then put the replacement quick struts on and didn't realize the bottom hole was now a slot. so i had way too much camber on both wheels. had to learn from the internet about that problem and readjust the bolts holding the wheel to the car so it was close to the correct alignment position. love my shadetree neighbor with all the heavy tools including an electric impact wrench. re struts what are you guys paying for a set of struts?  i'm seeing a need to replace the front air shocks on the lincoln in the future and their cost is...well...shocking. $300 each just for the part.  i can get a coil replacement kit for all four corners for about the same price so i'm wondering what's the advantage of keeping the original air system. i dunno about you guys, but before i even had a driver's license i was pouring over car trade rags.  i started out getting a subscription to motor trend.  but, after the news came out that they were influenced by their advertisers, i switched to car and driver.  that's where i found great auto journalists like david e davis, brock yates, and many others.  the one i enjoyed reading the most was jean (lindamood) jennings.  she was as irreverent as davis, but wasn't nearly as stuffy....and funnier to boot. anyway, she moved onto automobile mag as their editor and i lost track of her after that. however, i just stumbled upon this gem....... <i>  the one i enjoyed reading the most was jean (lindamood) jennings. she was as irreverent as davis, but wasn't nearly as stuffy....and funnier to boot. </i> jean will be a judge in a reality auto show starting later this year. i thought she got fired as head of automobile a few years ago, but maybe they brought her back? the splash page says she runs automobile magazine. i find her a bit hard to take to be honest, though i don't know if i'd go as far as her former boss, david e. davis did, in a 2009 interview “i sometimes dream of a fedex flight on its way to memphis flying over parma where she lives and a grand piano falling out of the airplane and whistling down through the air, this enormous object, and lands on her and makes the damnedest chord anybody has ever heard; this sound of music that has never been heard by the human ear. and the next morning all they can find . . . [are] some shards of wood and a grease spot and no other trace of mrs. jennings.” i guess they had a falling out. the reality show she is a judge on is called motor city masters and has been on in the us for about a month.  she plays the bad guy. she was one of the first staffers at automobile when david davis founded it.  she replaced him as editor in 1999 and then publisher - not much love lost there.  she resigned from automobile last month in a shake up at interlink, the owner of the magazine. i never heard of jean...i guess my days of reading motor trend and car and driver were before your time gg. i watched her review of the genesis and audi 3.  i liked her <span style="text-decoration line-through;">  everymans </span> er, everypersons rfeview of the two cars.  she talks about the things i care about or want to know.  she is just a bit much to take....don't know why the wild clothes but i guess it is to make an impression. worth watching to get some insight about a particular model. i won't be watching the new show in hd though....same as jessica fletcher, better in ld. price them out and then check on amazon for the same part number as well as rockauto.com. i've read about a lot of people replacing the air systems on the lincoln because of problems with them. them have replaced them with some kind of shock that doesn't require the air. is your car one of those where if you jack up one corner without disabling the system it screws it up? i'd sure do some reading before spending lots for the replacement air shocks to find out what has worked for others. some people replace the rear shocks on lesabre/bonnevilles which have automatic load-leveling ability because the compressor goes out on them and folks don't want to get a used one or pay for new or even troubleshoot the system. but it's a lot simpler than yours. i think the lincoln has air springs, not air shocks. when they fail, you've got a low rider. we bought a king size select comfort back in '02.  the mattress has been near flawless (one time one of the hoses came loose; we just re-seated it).  one of the box springs (which are rigid for air mattresses) had an issue with sagging which i fixed by putting in slats underneath. overall we're very satisfied.  my wife has back issues that i won't go into but the mattress allows her to have a firm surface while i prefer it softer.  occasionally she adjusts if the day leaves her with more back pain. when we bought we bought a more basic unit.  no topper or anything fancy; we just didn't feel it was worth the money (the mattress topper actually muted the air inflation effect). btw, some holiday inns now offer sc beds. too funny. i got my first subscription to c&amp;d in 1976, when i was 12. i remember the cover of the first issue i got in the mail ... bunch of staff members in a field surrounding a jeep (cj-5 or cj-7). "pig of bronze", or some such. been a subscriber off and on ever since. i also love the automobile writing of p.j. o'rourke. and peter egan, recently retired from r&amp;t. i started subscribing to car/bike magazines back in the late sixties. i currently subscribe to <em>  automobile </em> <em>  autoweek </em> <em>  bmw car </em> (british) <em>  car and driver </em> <em>  cycle world </em> <em>  grassroots motorsports </em> <em>  motorcycle classics </em> <em>  road &amp; track </em> <em>  thoroughbred and classic car </em> (british) there are several others i pick up at the bookstore if they have articles i'm interested in. "...life is so fragile - we must never forget the frailty of life and how loss can bring people closer together..." so true.  when my parents died i became much closer with my brothers who i had not had much contact with for years.  i guess that's the way it's suppose to be so that even a tragedy can have a positive side. yeah, that's what i meant.  whatever you call them, they are expensive. my car has a feature when at 60mph the system lowers the car an inch for better handling but i notice after sitting for a while the front end is a little lower than the back.  probably a slow leak somewhere so i'm probably looking at replacement at some point. imid, yes you have to turn the system off before you lift the car.  i put a note to do so on the dash when i have tires or oil changed.  who knows if they do it which may be why i'm seeing problems. i gotta get me one of these. who can loan me $20k? my memory from reading is that some people actually installed real spring instead of the air supports and eliminated the air system. that sounds expensive, but probably isn't now for someone who knows what parts are needed and can cull them from a recycling yard or buy new. family can help you through such times.  it is a time to reflect on how fragile life is.  a few seconds or just one decision can totally change someones life.  hopefully your family will benefit from this time together. looks like the british "atom". i didn't know jean jennings had left/was asked to leave automobile mag. i did know that she and davis had a falling out.  never heard why or how, though.  from what i remember, she was his hand picked successor at automobile. i think most media types, even local podunk radio djs have ego issues.  i know one of the main reasons i don't listen to guys like imus, stern, etc is because they spend more time stroking their own egos on air, while tearing down those who work for them, that it really makes me cringe. i'm more into podcasts these days.  i download them to my iphone at the beginning of the week, and bluetooth stream them in my car while driving. i like adam carrola, who is supposed to have the most listened to podcast in the world.  he's' into things that interest me.....cars, business, and while a bit crude, can be funny.  i love npr podcast features.....on all sorts of topics.  unless my beloved (and beleaguered) cincinnati reds are on the radio, i don't listen to the radio at all. ditto -- i agree totally. on a related note, my aunt is hanging in there. she is 97 and her mind is as sharp as ever. however, the same cannot be said of her physical condition. she is blind in both eyes and both legs have been amputated above the knees due to diabetes. it's amazing to see how she has relinquished herself of material and worldly things. she has given away most of her possessions, listens intently, and always says an encouraging word or two to family members in turmoil. instead of feeling sorry for her, you leave feeling uplifted. &gt; pardon the ignorance, but what is a podcast? is it like downloading a movie? and how can you stream the podcast without incurring hefty data charges? a podcast is a pre-recorded discussion that you download to your player - with apple, you get podcasts through itunes. you can then stream it to your car with bluetooth. no data charges either way. <strong>  a funny thing happened to me on the way to... </strong> late this morning, i was taking dad for his morning walk at the mall.  i pulled up to the main gate and was waiting for the gate to open when all of a sudden, this elderly woman who you could not see behind the steering wheel because she was too short, pulled right through the iron gate, smashing it to smitherines and barely missed hitting me.  she stopped the car, opened her door, looked at the damage, and took off!  i got her plate number and called 911. about 2 hours later, the police knocked on my door and asked me to identify the car, the driver and the licence plate number so they could arrest her for leaving the scene of an accident.  i went downstairs with them and they drove me to the police station.  they asked me if i could identify one of the cars parked outside as the car that hit the gate.  i told them which one it was.  then, they asked me to identify the woman from a group of women in a room.  i identified her and they said thanks. i find out that this woman denied having driven through the gate.  furthermore, she was unable to see well out of her left eye.  and, to make things even worse, she did not have a driver's licence nor any insurance.  she had to be 90 years old, give or take a day or two. how could the state of florida allow people like that drive a vehicle.  the condo association told me, on the phone, that there is no way to collect for the damage because she was "squatting" in someone else's condominium  who had passed away 4 years ago. how could she get away with that?  what is happening to this country?  i am totally mystified as to how someone could be driving a car (that was at least 25 years old) with no insurance, no driver's license, not even an owner of a condo in the community, and was living on her social security.  from what i understand, she has no family as she has outlived her children.  good grief.  i need to find somewhere else to live.  this place is literally driving me crazy. ".. this place is literally driving me crazy..." mike, that us so outrageous it's funny! i've heard many stories of the shrunken old ladies crashing into things in florida but never of one squatting in someone's condo. doesn't the condo association have rules against that? shouldn't they have evicted her long ago? who's paying her condo fee? as to the insurance, here in ny you can't register a car without showing a driver's license and proof of insurance. i assume florida doesn't require that. happens all the time....everywhere.  almost impossible to sue those morons who do that, and when they are caught they just do it again. re  living in an empty apartment.  we had a case here where a guy rented a vacation home for 3 weeks.  he stayed for over a week extra without the people renting out knowing.  now they can't kick him out, he automatically became a tenant, rented for over 30 days.  horror story, now they have to take legal action to remove him. the term you're looking for is "judgement proof".  they have no assets, nothing to lose. how could you then justify being judgemental?  not that there's anything wrong with it. it's the coin of the realm.  many of these boards would collapse otherwise. "..this woman could barely walk, let alone drive a car. down here, you take your life in your hands every time you drive your car.." up here it's the arrogant young person in a leased bmw you have to watch out for. yesterday on my bus run i must have counted a dozen cars run red lights right in front of me. sounds like racial profiling. just joking.  the other day i saw a guy trying to get into traffic and no one would let him in.  funny, the guy in the bmw....me.......let him in.  never prejudge. sounds like racial profiling. wouldn't that be like how the buick drivers get profiled? or the gm vehicles get profiled? in reality lots of bmw drivers in this area a few years ago fit the profile of thinking they are special because of the car in some way. it's as if they expected to be given open road in their lane or they go zoom zoom like certain mazda drivers. i recall several years back before the boom in bmw leases/sales hit with the 4-year service included (iirc), a bmw with look license plate. the "o's" had a black dot added to the center like pupils in two eyes, so the plate was saying "look at me in my bmw." and then are people who buy them because they like the car, sort of like i buy what i like that serves my needs. how much wealth or income does it take to live like a millionaire? i was perusing my bank statement and was shocked to see that i earned only $0.02 on my checking account for july. (yes two cents.) how can that be when i keep an average of $2 - $3k in that account? which leaves me to wonder how can seniors survive on these measly returns on their savings accounts. you work hard all your life, saved as much as you could, and now you cannot live of the interest. bummer. in the sixties and seventies a millionaire lived liked a millionaire. today, it takes perhaps $20 million or more to live a millionaire. don't know how many millionaires are there in the u.s. but they are worth about a dime a dozen. probably a good percentage of buyers of a particular brand do have a certain profile.  when i drive next to a buick i try to look at the driver to see how old they are....occassionally i see a young person but usually an older person.  camry owners, hyundai owners, and honda owners are careful with their spending.  buyers of luxury cars buy them partly because they want the world to know they are successful...but, like with other things, jewellery, big house, etc., they probably get enjoyment from owning the car.  mustang and pony car owners are people who may want to be trying to stay young...and/or maybe they can finally afford the car of their dreams when they were younger. people may drive buicks because they grew up with the impression a buick was a car that one should aspire to own.  it showed success without rubbing it in your face like a cadillac did.  today it stands for conservativeness and having values.  let's face it, gm kept it going because the chinese love them.  it made more sense keeping the pontiac nameplate going....that appealed to the young people in america. bmw, well, sure it says i have money or at lease can afford the lease payments.  i know there are many people who buy a bmw because of the image it conveys.  the car is a sports car of sorts, so yes it may be driven fast etc.  myself, i just know a bmw is engineered and designed right, passengers love the back seat and the ride. i agree with your last statement and i believe you buy a buick because it suits your needs btw....a long time ago in the 60s i remember an article in popular mechanics where a psychologist explained what characteristics each car make represented. it's interesting to watch some people driving and looking to see if anyone is looking at them in their fancy car. there's a category of folks here who have expensive cars, mb's included, that look to see if anyone is noticing them. i recall years back a person with whom i worked commenting that a lot of folks in her community had larger homes and a really showy car but inside the house they couldn't afford to buy furniture because they spent so much of their income on image. and a number had expensive cars parked in front of shacks. a number of them worked for the government at the air force base or some other facilities here and had relatively good incomes, but not nearly what's needed for the lifestyle they chose to try to portray. actually for the most part i would agree with oldfarmer but change "bmw" to "any upscale car". a friend took a new 2015 genesis out for a spin.  the car is $62k, has almost 500 hp, has every option known to man.  beautiful leather interior etc.  they are staying pretty firm on the price too....they don't want to discount, want to gain credibility. my friends comments.  the car is amazing, fast, fantastic warranty, comfortable, solid, every option available, very easy to use gps and media system.  would he buy one?  no, it just is not fun to drive the way a bmw or similar car. if anyone really thinks you only buy a bmw because it is a status symbol you just haven't driven one to understand how satisfying it is to drive a car where you feel you are part of the car, the steering and handling translate through to the driver.  you have to drive one to really understand. where i live (undercover for the most part) luxury cars are like flower pots--i'd trip over one before i even noticed it anymore. it would take something quite spectacular to cause a stir around here---maybe a mclaren f1 in front of the local pete's coffee would do it? fortunately, wine county still has an agricultural atmosphere, at least in this part of wine country, (we also have lots of cows, so we get the occasional authentic smell of farmland)--and so beat up pickup trucks and lexi and bmws park side by side, no problem. it takes a lot of money to be poor in america. "it's not what you earn, it's what you keep that counts" no sane person would try to retire using the interest from a savings account. inflation hovers around 3% a year and passbook savings is less than 1%. this is why the stock market has become so attractive.  a well managed mutual fund will traditionally go up about 10% a year. except when it goes down 30% ... speaking of driving a car for the status, i suppose a ferrari is probably about as ostentatious as you can get.  this morning, i saw one on the street.  i was on foot, downtown, waiting for the light to change, and it was right next to me. at first i couldn't figure out what i was looking at.  it was big, and white, and ugly.  had the longest front (hood) that i have seen on anything since a 69 thunderbird.  i finally spotted the ferrari badges, but i had a hard time believing a ferrari could actually be "yugly". driver...just having been through a lux buying experience with my sister, i think that $62k hyundai is going to be a hard sale at msrp. there's a little place i hang out to watch sports and grab a beer and sandwich with my buds (silver spring house for the locals).  there's a guy there who bought an equs and parks it right out front.  i don't know the guy but one day i saw him pull up and park.  since he was walking into the place the same time i was, i started making small talk.  we ended up sitting at the bar together. eventually, i got around to asking him about the equs.  as he put it, it's a nice car.  but, paraphrasing him......it's a nice car to buy used when depreciation knocks it down to low $40s, not new in the low $60s.  my guess is that few, if any, will buy the genesis new at $60k+.  dealership can hold out if they want.  that's their choice. apparently, hyudais depreciate......a lot. this guy bought his with 6k miles on it.....previous model year. so, moral of the story, don't buy that genesis or equs new.  wait for the dealership to let it languish for awhile, maybe make it a demo, then save $20k and buy it. yeah, a ferrari still makes a pretty big splash, especially if it's running. nothing quite sounds like that. it's not my idea of a "luxury car" however. it's more "ultimate toy" in my perception--more like buying a plane or a 50foot sailboat. something not used that often, requiring punishing maintenance, and some nifty thrills. i think it would be a relatively uncommon customer who would pay $60k for a car with that slanted "h" badge on the trunklid, regardless of how good that car is. i see a few equui around here. they are used in airport limo/livery service. not all that impressive-looking. as for bmws, i know a bunch of bmw owners. they do not drive them for the driving experience. they drive them because they are extremely image conscious. and while this old joke is not always true, it usually is in my experience what is the difference between a bmw and a porcupine? a porcupine has the pricks on the outside. now there's a car that telegraphs its handling to the driver and really arouses excitement with the feedback. was behind one in downtown columbus (oh) a few years back. took me a couple blocks to figure out what it was. driver had  just left parking garage at rush hour into heavy traffic. sound brought back memories for me from the 409s, 396s, and other great engines of my youth in the early 60s. closest i'd heard was a porsche convertible owned by daughter of friends of ours. and it was much raspier and ripping in tone. one thing i neglected to mention was the $62k was the canadian price, it is $52k in the us, it fits the 20% less expensive rule perfectly. i could be wrong, but i think if you can afford a bmw that is about $62k to $66k, you aren't likely to care about saving $10 to $16 grand to get the no-name product.  for $25k, getting a sonata is not an image breaker......but, at over $50k it does come into play. for me, i just wouldn't take a chance on an unknown.  buying the unknown compared to buying a bmw which i know performs and is engineered well is just not worth the risk. btw...i think the h does appear on the trunk lid, but, it will probably disappear once they sell the genesis in it's own dealership. true, but few seniors have stock investments. in an article on retirement trends, msn money reports the following "the average income for those between ages 65 and 69 is $37,200, but drops to a little less than $20,000 for those over age 80. the main sources of income for people over 65 are social security (37 percent), income from working (30 percent), pensions (19 percent) and savings and investments (11 percent). younger retirees derive more income from working and investments, while older retirees rely more on social security." source i feel blessed, based on what bwia just posted.  maybe it does pay to keep your head down and pull the plow for several decades in a large mind-numbing corporation.  i'm looking at a traditional (defined benefit) pension, a 401k that included an 8% company match for over 30 years, plus ss.  i'm working now mostly for entertainment value, and the best part is that my management knows it. the trick is not to be spending your retirement money as if you were still earning a salary. your salary doesn't go up and down with every bump in the economy but your investments sure can. that's a good deal to have.  didn't have that option myself but between ss and pension i'm not too far off where i was when i was working.  have to find that well managed mutual fund and have discovered my wife with the 401ks hasn't paid a whit of attention to them.  this should not surprise me as i handle all the regular stuff.  i was in not intrude mode but in the unlikely event that she went first i'd be financially screwed.  never too late to fix a mistake but it'll never get where it could have been. liked to see the old bmw porcupine joke.  we actually had to stop for a porcupine crossing the road.  not every day you see that.  vacation was a blast and may change the when i change tires equation.  3,500 miles of tooling around makes a notable difference.  we went through niagara falls, up across the bruce peninsula taking the ferry to manitoulin island (where we saw the porcupine), up to the soo, drove up a good part of the east side of lake superior  and took in a load of lighthouses.  we have these lighthouse passports.  you need 60 to fill them.  we're a bit less that halfway there. that said health issues got to be part of that.  last checked the platelets were dropping precipitously.  that can't stay that way.  i've been wiped out but mostly managed to keep up and the collapse for a couple of days. i see 650 posts to catch up on so i imagine i've missed discussions of garbage disposals, toothpaste, cheap solar panels and what not.  i'll have to live.... &gt; strangely enough, when it came time to trade my bmw i didn't buy another one. i loved the handling and power, but didn't like the negative connotation. people who knew me knew i drove a bmw because i am a "car guy". others who didn't know me well, or didn't know me at all, figured it was a status thing. i like to fly under the radar a little. i bought a mazda 6 gt - that i loved btw. but you are neither young or a lessee. the administration has kept interest rates on savings and cds exceptionally low to try to stimulate the economy. the stock market has been buoyed by the extra low rates pushing people into the market. the big boys will get out safely leaving the little people still in as the market starts to break again. stimulating with low interest rates hasn't worked for 5 years, but when it does i expect people to start realizing the inflation that's covered up in the way the stats are done now. i would estimate inflation is at 6-8% if the techniques for measuring the chagnes were same as in the 1990's. that's based on grocery store as well as other increases i keep seeing year after year. "...which leaves me to wonder how can seniors survive on these measly returns on their savings accounts. you work hard all your life, saved as much as you could, and now you cannot live of the interest. bummer..." as others have said, to keep large sums in a bank savings or checking account is foolish. no interest at all. i keep the bulk of my assets in various vanguard funds because of their conservative nature and low fees.  you can still generate a 4%+ dividend in some bond funds which have low volatility.  just be on the look out for the fed to jack up rates next year which will kill the share price. i've been able to average 11% capital appreciation over the last 4 years plus dividends. the old rule of thumb was to take only 4% of your principle out each year and you'll never run out of money. right now i'm working for the health insurance and would get just about the same income retired. your head down and pull the plow for several decades in a large mind-numbing corporation.  i'm looking at a traditional (defined benefit) pension, a 401k that included an 8% company match for over 30 years, plus ss.  i'm working now mostly for entertainment value, and the best part is that my management knows it. you said it.  i anticipate getting a defined-benefit pension from the state of ny that considering the part-time nature of my job is nothing less than astounding.  the best part is that due to the vote buying gambit of a previous administrator of the fund who was running for governor, i didn't  have to pay a penny into it. you could make a case for "racial profiling" because they were racing around. reverse snob move.  i love to drive my bmw and though i don't want to be considered a snob, and really don't think i am one, i don't lose sleep over it.  i give you credit for driving a mazda to be a regular guy, but, i don't see myself doing that.  i have driven lots of rental cars, lately a fusion, an elantra, and our own passat,.....i never feel like i am a different person, i just miss my bmw if i am driving another car. btw......i try to never lend my car to someone.  my wife thinks i am crazy.  i tell her i don't lend my toothbrush, underwear or my car...they are very personal to me. but you are neither young or a lessee i know, but once it starts where will it end? cute. do you have an opinion on the dynamic pricing of cars? if you would like to share your opinion of car pricing being dependent on factors like availability or consumer demand (much the way plane tickets or hotel rooms are priced), please send your daytime contact info to no later than friday, 8/1/14 at 1 p.m. pt/4 p.m. et. well, i hope you see it. based on what occurred when other similarly ill-designed pension plans hit the rocks, that could all change. i was wondering if the angle is more like priceline or those motels that change their rate signs as the day gets shorter. but i'm not sure - you can always contact the reporter via that link and ask. hopefully no mortgage, not too much money spent on clothes, lunches, coffees, gas,  as when working.  hopefully, no children living at home and no debt.  you will probably need 65 to 70% of your working income. it sounds like a good plan, but, it can't work quite the same.  if motels have empty rooms, they don't generate income, but most costs of running a business stay the same.  there is logic in just getting some income from renting a room at a lower cost to lure a customer in.  half the cost of the room is better than nothing.  however, a car costs a certain amount to produce, not much use in going below the cost price of the car unless you are liquidating or have to get rid of it because it isn't moving at all. that's how i see it....skeptical.  i think the savings wouldn't be enough to make it worthwhile, unless you were isell who doesn't care what make, color, model, number of cylinders, color of interior, etc. the car has. - good points. (to be telling the reporter). /hint if you carry this logic to its ultimate conclusion then you should  not buy a new bmw or any similar luxury brand unless you have the mega millions i mentioned in my earlier post. some people look at it this way, if i can't buy a snob-mobile when i am in my sixties, what is the point of living? life is ought to be more than driving a hyundai xg350 or a bluelight special at kmart. some of us care more about driving places than about driving cars. ontario yesterday, virginia today. that said, the replacement minivan is quite a bit truckier than our quest was, and it won't be in the stable long. as far as priorities, it poured late afternoon so we sprung for an $80 motel room instead of camping. yet we still paid more for lunch. lol....but, my points are reasons i don't think the plan would work.  i don't believe in it, but, i don't know the real business model.  i spent a fair bit of time writing to a reporter we were asked to contact, wanting to know if we would buy a second convertible.  i gave her good solid information but never heard back, though i was told i would. i would definitely give input if it was a topic i had some good solid information about, or a knowledgeable opinion about.  i am kind of a sucker for doing surveys.  i feel i benefit from them so i feel i should contribute.  i have over 100 contributions on tripadvisor. i was listening to a program about retirement, and the financial expert said you shouldn't buy a fancy car because you will lose the thrill of a new car in a very short time.  i don't think that is true at all, i love and appreciate the bmw every time i start it up. could you earn almost 5% a year on your savings?  you may need some dividend paying stocks so you have a secure amount coming in to pay for essentials, then some stocks which may appreciate in value to try to gain another few points, say 7%.  if you can set $8k a year aside a year from retirement savings, old age pensions etc., then you could probably afford a mid range luxury car every 4 or 5 years. what concerns me, and many people don't think about it, is prices double about every 10 years. so, although you may be able to live on $40k or $50k today, could you live on that if it was worth half in 10 years?  i think you have to try to reinvest some of your retirement income, unless you have a pension with a cost of living component. i often find getting there can be more fun than being there. where is yooperland?  and which ontario were you in? i forget, what kind of minivan?  i have been a passenger in a honda odeysey and it feels just like a car, very comfortable. i know people love to camp and i guess i can understand the concept, but, i have no desire to go camping.  i need a good bed, a tv, a clock radio, air conditioning and heat, running water, electricity, my own shower, and not to spend 24/7 with family or friends.  maybe i am just weird! for me, the vehicle is an integral part of the trip- hence my renting the challenger last weekend- new and different can be fun. here is my dilemma (dilemna). i am driving my 2012 bmw 535 and it has about 42k miles on it. the warranty will be up at 48k. i love my car, but getting kind of itchy to trade.  the frontrunners would be another 535 and an audi a6, also consider a jaguar and e-class mercedes, though they are long shots. the 535 and the a6 are going to be radically changed for 2016, the 2015s will just have some minor updates. i have been leaning towards waiting for another year until the 2016s come out. then, i just checked the used car value of my 2012.  using the canadian black book my car is worth about $35k today.  they forcast my car will be worth $31k in 12 months and probably more like $29k by next november when the new one's come out.  that means getting a new car now would probably cost an extra $3k or $4k over waiting a year.  maybe even less when you count paying for service work and oil changes because i will be past the warranty period. i know it isn't a serious problem to have, but, it is a bit of a conundrum.  any opinions, besides buying a buick or genesis? i have always found the idea of camping out not a concept for me. i consider "roughing it" to mean holiday inn express rather than hampton inn or fairfield inn (the fairfield in pigeon forge at least). hamptons are universally fairly good, so far. the boy scout troop scoutmaster considered it a personal victory that i camped out several times with my son on local camp outs. he's the one who, with his son, camped out in his front yard one night when it had snowed and was going down below -10 deg. f. ain't that the truth. i love driving most of the time. i enjoy the scenery. i enjoy the time in the car that i like driving. stopping for fuel or rest stop is interesting to see and meet people from other areas. i especially enjoy travel on i75 and i75 through ky where i recall traveling when the interstate roads were still being built. driver.....you want opinions?  oh man.....that's opening up a can of worms.  all good cars you're looking at.  laurasdada loves him some jags.  abacomike will be all over the benz.  you already know about bmw.  i've driven the a6 3.0 s/c extensively and like it....a lot.  but, that's only because my audi s4 was in the shop so much.  i still think the recent editions of their quattro system has some serious design flaws, as i've seen some of the trade rags mention how "grinding" the quattro system is in their test cars. i drove an acura rlx a couple of times....impressive car....especially for the amount of money they're selling them for ($10k off msrp).  just a thought, given there aren't many acura fans around here. good luck.  we love to help other people spend their money. driver, you asked where yooperland is. it took me a while to "get it" too. it's michigan's upper peninsula. i've never been there, but my dad has been there and loved it. he said there are parts of it where there are no cars allowed. sounds like a lot of walking to me. i'm not a big fan of keeping german cars too long past their warranties, especially newer ones loaded up with electronics--if that helps to keep you awake at night my son's x3 has over 164k on it and it hasn't had a single electronic issue aside from a tsb for the passenger seat srs sensor when it was a couple of years old. aside from replacing the transfer case(ouch) and disa valve its been very reliable. in light of the fact that it's been paid off since 2007 i don't feel too bad about dealing with a couple of issues every 2-3 years. right, mackinac island is car-less (except for emergency vehicles). they don't permit golf cars either so the thing to do is get an electric "handicapped" scooter. we spent the morning there a couple of days ago. the best ride was the little girl on her unicycle. nice enough spot except it's all tourists, all the time. we didn't take much time to walk the neighborhoods but that's the thing to do, or walk or bike the 80% of the island that's park land. if you don't do that you may as well go to gatlinburg and never look at the smokies. i'm a temporary yooper living a couple of blocks from lake superior in a small town. we moved there 4 years ago to enjoy some time with my wife's step-mom and durn if she didn't live all that long, so our timing was good for the move. nice people, lots of trees, mixed bag on winters (last one was a bear). we're ready for some topography again so we're moving to new mexico in a few weeks. the current ride is an '09 dodge grand caravan. our '99 quest got to 200,000 but it kept acting up and we couldn't trust it long enough for the move. so we got this used van a few months ago. we did a load in it last month and are running a load to family this trip. one more load will get us permanently moved and then we'll start shopping again for a new car. today is the end of the month.  let's say i negotiate a deal late today and put down a deposit, arranging to take delivery tomorrow.  if the deal improves tomorrow (i.e. new august incentives), can i back out of the original deal and get the new offer? just my opinion, you really need one of the sales reps to answer this - however since this is the last day of the month here is my quick gut feeling reply.  doubtful if you could change the contract once you sign it, unless, you add a clause, if any additional discounts are offered for august and then you could get the lower price.   but, i doubt a dealer would honor it if he is selling you the car at a discounted price to make his quota.  it won't help him putting the sale into next month. if he has reached his quota then he isn't giving you an extraordinary discount, and the dealer may hold on to the paperwork for an extra day. i bought my 2012 in 2011 before prices were announced.  we agreed on an amount for the trade-in, and we agreed to a percentage discount on the new car.  that way the actual price didn't matter, it might go up, or down for the model and equipment i wanted. everyone is different.  holiday inn express would be fine with me, i call motel 6 roughing it, in fact i would possibly consider camping over one of those. thanks to you and snake for the information.  i want to go there so i can say i have been to "yooperland".  we saw a supplier when we went to england on buying trips, they were in leighton buzzard, i just liked going so i could tell people i had been there.  actually, a cute little town. that is kind of my thinking too.  the only thing i have had the car in for is new tires and alignment.  so, almost 3 years, 42k miles, and no problems.  if i go over 48k and have one major electronics problem it could wipe out the savings i get from keeping the car for another year.  i agree, peace of mind is worth something. &gt; gg, i know you love those acura's.  i know they get good reviews, and they are solid and reliable.  i have sat in ones at the acura dealership in 2012 when i had my plastic shield put on the 535.  first, i think if you are into electronics the car will impress you.  but, i didn't get the same feeling as i get in the bmw or audi......attention to detail in the leather and seats.  the ergonomics and the outward vision (rear window was high and glass area wasn't maximized). i know an rlx can kind of wow you, but i know i'll be unhappy with it very quickly.  was that what mike had for a short time, before going back to a mercedes? you described this dodge as too "trucky." what do you mean by that? from the many times i've ridden in chrysler's vans, they ride well, more like a car than a truck. gotta agree with you. haven't stayed in motel six since the 80s, and it wasn't good. and the last holiday inn express we had stayed in (birch run, mi) really wasn't a problem place. fairly nice and equipped for the traveller. it's just that it's not as nice as the hampton inns usually are. and my point was the step to a holiday inn express was roughing it compared to our usual hampton inn, and actual camping was far down the list. there was that bad hampton inn near michigan city, in?mi? where we checked out right away! no charge. it was a converted motel, not built to hampton inn's usual appearance and layout. sort of like how best westerns are all independent and often are resuscitated buildings of other brands and the corporate name use is just a shell with no real expectations of quality level by the corporation. my sister-in-law (flight attendant) will not stay in one. for someone wanting a car that handles and sticks to the road, here's a video of the 2016 ats in motion. did i mention it's the v model? it did lose the feel of the road for a second here in the picture. click to view video <span class="videowrap">  <span class="video youtube" data-youtube="youtube-901zz7t8p4s?autoplay=1">   <span class="videopreview">   </span>   <span class="videoplayer">   </span>  </span> </span> generally, you don't own the car until you've signed all the paperwork and driven the car off the property, and believe me they're going to want you off the property the same day you sign.  as soon as you drive it over the curb, the car will depreciate 10-15% (or more, sometimes much much more). well around here it's very common, probably the norm, to drive off a day or two after committing to a deal and giving a deposit.  dealer has to get the car out of inventory, which is often off site, and prep for delivery.  paperwork needs to be done, financing arranged, insurance cards obtained, might need certified bank check, etc.  these things all take some time. mike had a lexus gs that gave him lots of issues. if you have maintained the car and you haven't had any electrical problems yet, why would you think you couldn't get to 100k miles problem free ? look online to see how many identical models of your car are on sale with 100k plus miles that are still running just fine. i'll bet there are plenty. and whose to say the new car won't have issues right off the bat. yours is tried and true -- you know everything about it. just an opinion and i'm not recommending a buick. nys has a different funding mechanism than most states and is 100% funded with about $170 billion. until some crooked politician finds a way to raid it or the taxpayers of ny go broke it will never run out of money.  it's even money on either possibility. my point exactly in trying to convince my wife on the mustang.  i think she has finally given in. well, i suppose you could just refuse to take delivery. can i turn this around? suppose the incentives got worse.  would you offer to pay more money? i guess it's all about the value of a handshake. but your energy drops 50% every ten years so you only want to do half the things at 70 that you did at 60. by 80 all you desire is to sit in a chair and tell the grand kids they can't borrow the snobmobile. pretty cheap. that's a good explanation of why best westerns can be really nice or very poor.  i really like to check tripadvisor.com before making a reservation. i don't expect to be doing that kind of driving.  btw...at about the one minute mark there was what looked like a bmw in front. i generally like the new cadillacs but i would really need to see what the reviews are like and how the cars hold up over the next few years.  i don't want to take unnecessary risks at my age, i like to go with what i know has worked and has had an excellent track record.. here's an example this guy bought the 2010 mercedes-benz glk 350 used from mercedes-benz in 2012 for about $40,000.  the car came “star certified” with a basic warranty but perchik declined to spend another $2,000 on an extended warranty. since then, perchik says there have been several problems with the vehicle including noisy brakes. still, most of the repairs have been covered by mercedes until a recent breakdown. “i had to pay for a hotel, a rental car and $1,100 for an ignition switch, and aggravation,” he said. mercedes-benz told global news that under the terms of its roadside warranty service the cost of a hotel and rental car would have been paid, but a representative said perchik has declined to send in his receipts. consumer advocate and auto expert phil edmonston, author of the lemon-aid guides to buying used vehicles says manufacturer extended warranties are generally good. however he recommends against buying most other extended warranties. “ones sold by independents don’t always have the wherewithal to come through on their promises,” he said. perchik says an extended warranty from a manufacturer didn’t seem necessary. “i didn’t think a german-made mercedes-benz needed an extended warranty.” for the most part, edmonston agrees extended warranties are an extra, unnecessary cost. “you shouldn’t buy a car that requires extended warranty,” said edmonston, who urges consumers to research and buy vehicles with low ownership costs. mercedes-benz told global news it would bend the rules to allow perchik to buy an extended warranty now, even though the window for offering additional coverage ended last fall. but perchik says the auto maker should do more. “everything is a war,” he said. “enough is enough.” pretty cheap nothing like the wisdom from a hardworking, lived through it all, farmer. btw...i am off for our tennis weekend in ellicottville ny (near you of), leaving early tomorrow morning.  back on sunday, so i may not have time to check in.  we do have to go over this bridge which is about 2 miles away....and a dump truck ran into the scafolding at full speed, with his container box up.....now they don't know if the bridge is strong enough.  all 5 lanes were closed and traffic was tied up for miles.  we go in the opposite direction, but that was tied up too.  could take days to repair. back late sunday. “i didn’t think a german-made mercedes-benz needed an extended warranty.” poor devil. obviously he has no previous experience with m-b cars that are off warranty. driver, i think you should buy a cadillac, not  buick. a cts v-sport would be really nice. my sil just bought a black on black srx. originally, she was talking equinox, but she's a cadillac girl, so i'm glad she got what she wanted. , the grand caravan is "trucky" in the sense that it's not as smooth (comparing to our old quest now), nor does it track all that well going down the highway. and it's quite a bit bigger. my comment is probably a slur against newer pickups. my brother's newer f-150 is pretty smooth. the guy had the choice to buy the extended warranty or not, chose not to because he thinks a luxury car shouldn't have an ignition problem after 4 years????????? i'll buy a cts v-sport if you buy one first and tell me whether it is good enough. now that is quite a 180.  well, she probably made a good choice. from 1992 to 1994 i was working at a company where i sometimes drove a plymouth van...a voyager or caravan....and sometimes i drove a ford aerostar.  talk about truck like.  the plymouth felt like a car because it basically was a car with a van body, but that aerostar with rwd had absolutely "no" feel of the road, it had no traction in snow, and it blew around the highway in a strong wind.  it felt like driving a box with wheels on it.  but, i see people give it a 4.3 out of 5 rating, and they seem to last with very little maintenance.  it was like the opposite of good handling and steering. the one i drove didn't have side windows; as i mentioned over in ccba, rb jr. will most likely be taking the 2004 x3 to sc for his sophomore year. it should be good to go. i just picked it up from the dealer, where it received an inspection i(minor) service as well as a brake fluid flush and an atf change. at 164,410 miles it received a clean bill of health. it still looks and drives like new, so we'll roll the dice... finally!  they have produced that flying car they've been promising! driver100  the guy had the choice to buy the extended warranty or not, chose not to because he thinks a luxury car shouldn't have an ignition problem after 4 years????????? my van hasn't had an ignition problem in 26 years.  why couldn't a luxo-barge do the same? , haven't checked the date code, but the tires on the grand caravan look pretty new (some michelin flavor). it's actually doing a bit better this trip since it's crammed to the gills. just like some trucks ride better with a load of dirt in the back. driver....totally understand.  out of all the japanese based lux brands, acura is probably the most dissimilar to the rest (lexus, infiniti). having just gone through the buying process with my sister, and having owned plenty of german iron myself, the difference in the likes of a 535 or an e class vs an rlx is pretty evident. i'm still happy that my tl hasn't been back to the dealership for warranty work, at all, for even the slightest thing.  as much as i liked my 335i and the s4, i couldn't say that about either of them.  the platform is in its twilight years and still performs as any of its contemporaries. that said, in a few years, i'll look at all the usual suspects again.....if i'm in the market.  these days, i rarely keep any car past the warranty period.  so, i've got 17k on the tl now (yes, i've been driving it, a lot).  another couple of years and we'll see where i'm at. maybe too late for this info, but i'm of the mind that you buy the car, when you want, regardless of the day of the month.  maybe make an exception for december 31, but aside from that, buy when you want. there's no way to predict if the dealership will or won't make a better deal on the 31st than they will on the 1st.  they're in the business of selling as many cars as they possibly can.  the sales person, the sales manager, everyone up and down the food chain is focused on one thing....selling cars, every day, all day, regardless of the day of the month. as others pointed out, it could go the other way, too.  they hit their quota the 29th or the 30th.  you're sitting at their desk the 31st, and they aren't very motivated to make the deal until the 1st of the next month.  you won't know that, though. but when you want. i purchased new year's eve in 1998 and left money on the table. nissan's year end for bonus purposes was january 4th, 1999 or so the salesperson told me a few days after the purchase. i've just been reviewing the docs we use to help answer questions about leases ... some programs ended yesterday (bmw, hyundai, infiniti, mazda, mb, nissan and vw), while others expire on monday (audi, chrysler) and still others go until after labor day weekend (gm, honda, lexus). ford and porsche update their numbers each quarter, so they are valid until the end of september. exactly !! here 'ya go, mike..... poor baby!  he should have bought a civic or a corolla! gm's july auto sales were on fire, up some 9% overall, except for cadillac which was down 3%. how disappointing for the cadillac brand. perhaps, if cadillac had something similar to 2015 genesis in their line-up that probably move some metal. by comparison, buick sales were up 8% driven by sales of their best selling baby buick, the encore. what a cute little cuv---it seems to appeal to millenniums and baby boomers alike, but with a rash of new compact luxury hitting streets, it won't be long before the leave the encore in the dust. the lincoln mkc, lexus nx, and mercedes gla 250, though larger in size, are preparing for an onslaught, and i believe they will roll all over the encore. why, because gm is cannibalizing its entry luxury brand by also introducing the chevrolet trax, an identical but cheaper variant of the encore which will appeal to the bottom feeders. brilliant marketing? you decide. it's a benz, man. my friend had to spend $800 at the dealer on his when the taillight burned out. diabolically expensive to own one out of warranty. for every one of those stories there are probably a greater percentage of mercedes still on the road after 20 years than almost any other car. also, don't forget road burners bmw has over 150,000 miles on it with no  problems. the guy is a bit of a moron,.....this is the one time you should get an extended warranty.  it's an expensive car and repairs can be costly. if you can't afford the extended warranty you shouldn't be buying a pre owned benz. i don't think it is a question of them being off the road. it is just a question of how expensive they can be to fix when things invariably break. i agree that he was foolish not to buy the extended warranty. i am unfamiliar with a 150,000 problem-free bmw. owning a german car out of warranty can be done at a reasonable cost, but you have to pick one of the less complex vehicles- for example, if you are thinking bmw then you want a 1, 3, or six cylinder 5 series, an x3 or a six cylinder x5. next, you need an honest dealer or indie shop. finally, it has to be maintained by the book using oem approved parts and lubricants. buy an old poorly maintained 7er and take it to an overpriced and unscrupulous shop and you get what you deserve... all used cars are different, all new cars are the same. if you buy a used german car that's been neglected or botched, it'd be a bloodbath to make it right. all modern cars are complex, so there's no way around that imo. it's not like you're going to fix one with some tools in a fishing box.  even an honest shop has to charge you german parts prices and labor is labor. one mistake people make is thinking that because someone works on benzes that he knows something about bmws and audis.  often not the case. buy a car that's been loved, and get a thorough ppi and you're off to a good start! same difference but january 1 was on a friday in 1999, a holiday. so the 4th was the following monday. i just assumed that nissan would have closed the books on the last business day of the year but no.... it can be, but can be something else.  engineering is working priorities.  formula 1 cars are designed to run three-four races on one engine, used to be one but the regulation forced it, same with transmissions.  bmw or benz are no formula 1, but their design priorities may be just a bit different than those of toyota.  benz owner of 60s or 70s intended to keep the car fo 10 years or more.  today he/she leases it for three.  there was a shift in late 80s and now it's a strong stable feedback loop, keeping those priorities this way.  the target is to get newest stuff in, have the car work beautifully when new, but durability is no longer paramount.  when you squeeze performance and fuel economy combination to point beyond durability limits, something has got to give.  250 hp from two litter engines is a number that was unimaginable 15 years ago, except race rally cars, today it's every day, but will those engine last?  who knows.   as long as new sales are climbing faster than market, they have incentives to stay the course. i want to add that some of those concerns are a bit overblown.  many owners feel have no quarrels to drop 20-30 grand on depreciation and financing every three years (lease payments), but somehow two grand on a repair every couple of years takes their breath away.  it is fuzzy math, quoting the classic. exactly. i paid off the 2004 x3 in 2007 and since then it has required only a couple of major repairs, i wasn't happy about either one but i'm still much better off financially than if  i was flipping cars every 3-4 years and had a constant monthly payment of $300-$400. it's the rare used car that is so bad that repairs equal new car payments every month; however, having said that, as labor costs go up and cars get more and more comple, with inter-related systems multiplexing their little hearts out,  i think that gap will close. i see the same thing with respect to fuel economy- somebody buys a new car because the old car "is eating them alive in fuel costs." however, if you run the numbers and factor in the acquisition costs as well as any increased insurance expense you usually find that they will have to drive the new fuel miser 6-10 years just to break even... &gt; good morning *dino and thanks for a very balanced and very well written post. great job and keep on posting more frequently. right on. and often they are comparing their real world mileage on their current car and accepting the highway mileage figure as sent from a deity as truth for the new car. i notice that many people would rate one car as better over another because the epa rating was 1 mph higher on the epa rating test. same thing happens with people and refinancing their loans. back in the 80s i was running spreadsheets on my trs80 to show folks that paying hundreds of dollars to reduce their home mortgage interest rate refinancing by small amounts was not beneficial. in fact, they would be better off just putting the few hundred dollars on as an extra payment to reduce the principal on which they actually pay computed interest each month and they would come out ahead by far. all the new mortgage did was put them at the beginning where most of the mortgage payment was interest and very little went toward reducing the principal owed. question for the good folks here .... if you have an older (non-classic) car, do you have full insurance on it? comprehensive and collision? i ask because two of my co-workers at the pizza place totaled their cars in the past 6 weeks - one on a delivery and the other in a non-delivery situation. car 1 was an '03 hyundai sonata; car 2 was an early '00's nissan xterra. neither had collision insurance. the owner of the sonata had another car (late model honda pilot) that he is now using for delivery. the owner of the xterra had to quit because she didn't have another car to drive. it seems silly to me to drop collision insurance when you use your car for work. just curious as to what everyone here thinks. i made a mistake with my mazda 6s when i bought it.  i figured it only cost me $6,500 at the time and i'd never had an at fault accident so why bother with collision?  of course months later i had the first at fault accident of my life,  a guy stopped after starting to move on a green and i let myself get slightly distracted which came to about $3k.  the shop did a beautiful job and i put collision on it right away.  i have 111k on it (3.5 of that was in a 2 week period that ended last sunday) and plant to take it well past 220k.  other than a ding in the front passenger door and a repaint on the back bumper the car looks new.  inside there's slight sign of age but nothing serious at all.  it definitely qualifies in that "gee, i could get so much better gas mileage" talk but it would cost me way more than just holding onto the car and i love the car.  it's quick, agile and practical to boot.  what's to complain about?  it will need a new clutch but probably not until spring. steve r - sorry me missed each other in the up.  you might have even been there at the time, but between hauling a couple of 12 year olds and calling back and forth to the hospital because of my platelet count my already fuzzy head got fuzzier. once they finally pronounce me fit to go i'm going to do the lake superior circle tour.  have wanted to do that since i first laid eyes on the lake at 22. i have full coverage on all 3 vehicles (2001,2006, 2013) because to remove it would net me back a pittance compared to the peace of mind. seriously, i got back a whopping $35 once by dropping full coverage back in the young and dumb learning days. no thanks, i'll keep the coverage on all vehicles. <em>  he'd offer me $62,000 for it. </em> we don't have the tax advantage on trades in virginia. offer me what i paid for a 7 month old car and you're going to be the proud new owner. even if we did have the tax thing i'd take it. tax on the difference is only a couple hundred bucks. my opinion may not qualify because my older cars aren't worth much but i don't think it's economical to run collision on older cars.  the insurance company might just total the thing and you'd still be out a car. if either of my 20+ yo vehicles sustained enough damage to render them inoperative i'd send them to the crusher. i do still have collision on my 2008 and 2009 cars. just curious, who was at fault in your co-worker's accidents? also did their own insurance cover rentals of any kind?  could either car be banged back into shape to keep delivering? why not just buy another beater? comprehensive and collision just about doubles  my cost on any individual car. iirc full coverage on the eclipse is about $600, just liability on the lincoln is $300 $5,000 tmv is my theoritical cutoff, but i really didn't save all that much looking at the numbers, so i kept insuring the old van until the value hit around $2,000. one little ding would have totalled it, in other words. car insurance in jersey is just crazy.  but on my fleet, the 2007 volvo has full coverage, the 2000 tl (175,000 miles) just liability.  i took a chance on that since i got it in 2008, and the bet paid off.  key there is that is the car that my kids have been assigned to, so the extra cost for c&amp;c is through the roof.  one reason i plan to keep that car hanging around.  insurance savings just about pays for the running costs of the 3rd car. ah, the old new vs. used financial debate.  pretty much a given that unless you have an extreme outlier, the new car will cost more, even with frequent repairs. but, for many (most?) people, those frequent repairs are important.  they have no desire to be dealing with taking the car in on a regular basis.  not just paying for it, but dealing for it.  and if the car is breaking down and stranding you, vs. just routine upkeep, then it has to go. take rbs x3 for example.  financially it makes sense to send it to college.  functionally, if it starts having issues, i bet he does not want to deal with long distance "general contracting" of repairs, or hearing from his son that it broke down 1/2 way home some day.   i had this toward the end of my sons senior year with the tl, and it was a huge pain to deal with from home (and a major hassle for him to keep getting it taken to the dealer and picking it up). <em>  comprehensive and collision just about doubles my cost on any individual car. iirc full coverage on the eclipse is about $600, just liability on the lincoln is $300 </em> farmer, not sure how it works, but if you were to tell insco you wanted to drop c&amp;c on a vehicle shortly after paying the policy, your refund check would be very small. so small that you wouldn't even see it in the trunk of that lincoln. mike, i know you don't want to trade now, and this possible buyer is not a family member.  but when we traded in our 2004 x3, the dealer turned around and sold it to my sil for the same price they gave me for it.  it was called a family plan.  the dealer doesn't lose because they sell a new car and will probably sell repairs and a warranty on the 2004 car. just wanted to point that out in case that comes up for someone else.  that way sales tax is not a problem. oldfarmer, just so you don't say you weren't given an opportunity...i just bid $5k on this mustang. it ends in 3 days and looks real clean. that's a good bid--i wouldn't go much past $6500 on it. i always liked the 2001 bullitt and 2003-2004 mach 1 editions... mako, if you get that car, and you want to upgrade the radio, and the 6 disc changer still works, i'll buy 'the brick' from you. true. i learned that when i had a summer only car. the refund on the full year payment didn't match. pretty nice and low miles too. southern car, no rust. perfect. do you need a convertible to compliment your hardtop mustang?  i have that dilemma too.  i want a vert for nice weather cruising but i also want a pure performance car.  leads to having too many summer cars. is that a fox body platform?  i hear real enthusiasts deride that for not being stiff enough to get good handling. my last mustang was a 1998 gt (the rounded one) and i always wanted the more squared off 2003/4. back then they were $15k. this one being convertible caught my eye and i like the color. also has cloth  seats which have more bolster than leather. my max bid will be in the $5700 range. i guess i'm not as spendy as mr shifty. and no, explorer you'll have to procure a "brick" locally as there is no way i would remove a working mach 460 from a mustang. excellent sound system. maybe upgrade the speakers is all. still dreaming at this point. there's probably some guy willing to go to $7k. who knows. the seller is only 30 miles away. i emailed questions, but no response so far. oldfarmer would say "he's probably out burning the tires off of it" lol wow, i'm glad to hear you like it too. i know mustangs like you know bmws. this one has the molded plastic intake manifold which usually starts to warp and leak about 68k miles. it will have a miss when it's cold which gets less as it heats up. replace or gunk will fix that. the a/t is also a tad weak. a new set of clutches and a shift kit will have you chirping tires in second and third gear. all cheap to do too. other than that they're great cars. i was going to post "i hope you like gray" given the monochrome tones on it, but since you do, great! interesting to see how design themes evolve over just a few years. in the late '90s/early '00s interiors like these were the norm, all one color with absolutely no brightwork at all. today most cars have at least a splash of chrome inside and some a lot more, along with wood or other trim and often contrasting tones on the seats and doors. i think these are in a sort of limbo now. i will turn my head for a well-preserved or restored original-style fox platform mustang more than one of these, and also for the new model. i am guessing that in time these will start to grab my attention again. that picture looks amazingly like the 2001 mustang gt convertible that i owned a few years ago.  same color, etc.  i'm afraid i was rather disappointed with the performance of that 4.6 engine.  a week or so ago i test drove a new 2014 mustang, base model, v6, and it is much faster than the 2001 gt with the 4.6 v8. i'll admit the convertible was fun. the 2003/4 gt had a 4.6 engine producing about 230 hp. the mach 1 had a 32 valve setup that increased hp to 295. now if you wanted to have the bad boy it was the svt cobra. it came supercharged from the factory pushing almost 400 hp. funny thing about waiting is...the current gt with the 5.0 coyote beats them all. was that the regular 4.6l or the 32 valve?  my lincoln is geared for better gas milage so it's not real quick off the line but i'm impressed at how much oomph it has on the highway.  i know the cobra had the 32 valve with something like 320 hp. the sonata was rolled, no other vehicles inolved, so no chance of a repair on it. don't know the particulars of the xterra accident. the regular model.  which is going to be the same as in the car linked from ebay. i loved to put the top down and go for a ride on sunday afternoon, when the weather was nice.  here in houston, it's too d___ed hot 6 months of the year to drive around with the top down in the daytime.  which meant i didn't drive it very often, which is why i got rid of it.  but it was fun.... when i put insurance on the volvo, the agent told me the collision was like $45. so, yeah, i left full coverage on it. seems reasonable enough to me to pay $45/yr to cover even a $3k car (if they total it, for example). not in california. , i didn't realize it was a mach system, probably not he same as mine. well, like most things in life, that's one of those "it depends" situations. case a  you have fairly new car, worth $20k on trade in, or $23k on a private sell.  if you figure 6.25% sales tax, then it's worth $20,000 times 1.0625 or $21,250 when you trade it in.  which means you have lost about $1,750 by trading.  and you have to weigh that against your time and aggravation trying to sell. case b  you have an older car that the dealer doesn't really want, and he will only give you $2k for it on a trade.  but you know your co-worker would love to have that car for his teenager in high school, and would be quite happy to pay you $5,000 in cash, today. one of the problems with "case a", above, is that most people do not have $23k in cash laying around.  they will need to finance, and you can't help them with that.  unless they have a good working relationship with their bank or credit union (which a lot of people do not have), things are going to get unduly complex in a hurry. i have sold a lot of used cars in my time, most for well under $10k.  never for more than $20k.  if it's worth that much, far easier to just trade. hang tough, michael. you know we're here for you. one day at a time, one step at a time. all the best mike. i hope things work out. mike.....sending good "vibes" your way! starting last month , july 1, 2014, kentucky now only taxes the difference on a new car sale with a trade-in. prior to that ky only allowed trade-in credit on used car sales. i have recently heard commercials touting this change. mike, stay strong my dear brother.  the lord never gives us more than we can handle. with time, this too shall pass. mike, that's terrible.  can i suggest you might want to see a counselor to help you through all this?  no one should have to go it alone under this kind of stress.  talking about it might make things a little easier. you and your family will be in my prayers, mike. hey mako...if you get it for $5k i'll give you $5500 for it! mike you have been through more than anyone should have to go through.  we are all hoping for the best possible outcome. unless they are paid as independent contractors, i would say that they have a good shot at filing a claim with the pizza shop's insurance company in order to collect something.  since they are required to have a car and use in in their job, they might have some coverage. of course, they won't have a job once the pizza shop owner finds out. i recently dropped full collision on our 2000 odyssey.  since my 17 yo son is listed as the primary driver on that car, going to limited collision is saving over $600.  the car is only worth $2k and if he damages it, oh well. rob, same reason i did it.  with the teenage assigned driver, it was $300-$400/year.  at this point, i am probably ahead of the game! mike, i have been gone a month and just read about your daughter, and now your son.  i'm so very sorry for your loss and will pray for your son.  i'll also pray for your happiness and well being.  you've had such a rough time but you have been stronger than most people could be.  keep your chin up and know that all of us here are supporting you. i last posted on july 7th.  my bil passed away that night.  we spent 10 days with my sister.  we had a lovely military funeral with honor guard and 21 gun salute by the air force., along with a u.s. army chaplain.  my bil did 20 years in the army and 15 years in the air force.  he was decorated in vietnam and desert storm.  he practiced medicine for 52 years.  besides all of that, he was a gentle, kind, and generous soul.  we heard so many wonderful stories from his former patients who he did not charge when they were low on money or were having a rough time.  many said that he even paid for their medicines, especially the elderly.  we miss him terribly but we know where he is now. i finally got an answer about our garage housing an f150 truck.  i had an architect and an engineer team to check it out for me.  it can be done to the tune of $20,000.  the top and sides of the garage would have to be removed and supported by a temporary structure.  the center column would then be removed completely and replaced by three angular steel beams which would support the original brick once it was placed back in position.  the new mortar between the original bricks would have to be colored to match the old mortar in the rest of the house.  it would actually become an historic restoration project.  there are two things for sure.  first, i don't want to mess with the integrity of this home.  secondly, i do not want to spend an extra $20,000 just to have a truck.  my wife was so sweet.  she told me to just get the truck and park it on the side street next to the house.  i don't want to do that either.  i then turned my attention to a honda pilot.  while i was looking around, i read where the pilot design will be completely changed in 2016.  well, that takes care of that.  now i am just looking at everything. i'll try to post again when i can.  i have just taken a new position for a year as president of our county museum.  it's going to be a bigger job than i thought.  outside of speaking engagements, i have to plan exhibit events at the museum, catalogue all of the artifacts, do quite a bit of correspondence, etc.  it's a challenge but i think that i will enjoy it.  hope everyone here is well. richard good to hear from you richard! i might be judging full time again... i'm only 18 days shy of the 600 days i had to complete to satisfy the "senior status" early retirement program. now it seems that one of the judges i worked with for over a decade may retire in 2-3 months due to some health issues. if that happens, the vacancy would be filled by a special election in november 2015. the governor appoints a judge to serve in the meantime, and a few people have asked if i would be interested in the appointment. i might do it, it would only last for months and it isn't a bad gig. if that doesn't pan out i might become a part-time persecutor... err... prosecutor. my old law partner was elected county attorney in may(there will be a general election, but opposition is token at best). i told him if he wanted someone to cover trials a couple of days per week i'm the man. what i <strong>  won't </strong> do is handle intake(for example, listening to the idiot who wants to bring charges against his neighbor because the guy flips him off every time he drives by his trailer...). and i don't do on-call(i was available 24/7 for 22 years-btdt). so we will see what happens.. oh mike, i'm so sorry to hear this. best of luck and keep us posted. i realize we're not professionals, but he's not alone. we're here for you mike. "...my bil passed away that night..." my condolences richard. sounds like you made his last days easier. new job? where do you get the energy? the greatest gift is to make the world a better place for others....your brother certainly did that,  he is fortunate to have such caring friends and relatives to be by his side at his time of need. my experience in an e-150 was excellent.  my wife and i were passengers in the back and the back seat is very comfortable.  nice big windows, high seating, lots of room, nicely finished.  it was much nicer than i expected and more comfortable than a car in many ways.  however, $20k to convert the garage sounds like a pretty major reno to accomodate a vehicle. bmw 535 and audi 6 are supposed to get complete renews in 2016 too.  i don't know if i want to wait, and what if i don't like them as much?  i am going to try 2015s and start to formulate a plan. i don't know how you do all this extra work...and people always seek you out.  i try not to do things so well so i don't get asked.  i thought i'd be bored being retired but the days speed by and i don't even accomplish anything. richard....sincere condolences! richard, was just thinking of you yesterday .. that we hadn't heard from you in a while and that, at last post, your bil was resting comfortably. so sorry to hear of his passing, but i truly believe he is in a better place and not suffering. you've gone above and beyond in helping care for him. i should be so lucky when my time comes. museum curator? that sounds like a fun job. always good to keep busy, even though it comes at the expense of time spent here at edmunds. another regular i haven't heard from in a while is jmonroe ... anybody know what's going on with him? oh i didn't mean that <em>  i </em> would spend $6500 for it---only that i thought $6500 was maximum retail everyday pricing. i finally make my way over to the new boards to see how everyone is doing, and learn mike and richard have both seen recent losses in their families.  you both have my condolences and i wish you and your families the best the through the difficult times. richard, i believe i'd make the same decision regarding the house and truck.  the additional $20,000 makes for one expensive truck, not to mention the hassle you'd have to endure during the construction.  i'm in car shopping mode myself.  initially we looked at a bmw diesel wagon and a volvo v60 wagon. the 2015 subaru outback just released and we think it'll fit our needs a bit better than the luxury options.  from our perspective, the only miss on the new outback is how they packaged some of the options.  we'd prefer to purchase a version with leather and subaru's impressive eyesight, but if we choose those options, then we're forced into navigation, push button start, and a sunroof, none of which we want.  if we opt out of eyesight then we can get leather plus a few other niceties like rear seat heaters and ventilation. interesting tidbit for the day  only jeeps and ram have more ground clearance from the factory than an outback. ty welcome back to the fold ty.  i thought i didn't need or want a gps unit, now i wouldn't want to be without it.  no more maps...no more not being able to change your mind once you start on a trip.  also, tells you your arrival time.  we were coming back home near toronto from ellicottville ny.  a major bridge was closed because a drunk dump truck driver hit the upper supports with his bin which was somehow left in the up position.  we had to take the backroads and the gps made it possible.  also, tells you when to start moving to the right etc to make a cutoff. a sunroof and push button start i could live without, but if you average the price of these options over the life of the car, factor in it will be worth more as a trade-in, i don't think that would be a deal breaker for me. it just keeps getting better dearborn, michigan — the official power ratings for the 2015 ford mustang were released on thursday, with confirmation that the pony car’s 5.0-liter v8 engine will deliver 435 horsepower and 400 pound-feet of torque. that’s an increase of 15 hp compared to last year’s v8 engine. thanks driver!  the difference in price isn't huge, about $2,300 to add eyesight, sunroof, nav, and push button.  the nav is no big deal as we'd just ignore it living in a small community.  a mandatory sunroof is problematic to us, though.  i've owned a couple of cars equipped with sunroofs in my life and absolutely hated the feature, to the point the sunroof became a daily annoyance.  i've passed on many vehicles in my last few purchases because of the sunroof packaging.  as crazy as it will sound to some, i'd rather pass on eyesight than have the other options forced on us.  i guess i'll just have to remember to brake our other option with subaru is to go down a model to the premium trim instead of limited and add eyesight without the sunroof (weird subaru packaging).  then we give up the nice wheels, leather, rear ventilation, rear heated seats, integrated turn signals in the side mirrors, and upgraded radio.  we were actually going down that road until we sat in the premium and limited side by side.  now we're thinking limited without the eyesight. subaru has certainly made it hard for me to give them money. oh, i was meaning to post a couple weeks back when i was in germany on business.  wonderful trip and i made sure to drive versus taking public transit.  ahhhh, the famed autobahn.  in two hours of driving i managed to drive an impressive two kilometers and never left neutral or first gear. no joke.  two kilometers, two hours.  the a3 autobahn. as i walked around the autobahn, literally, and conversed with the locals, it sounded like holiday traffic and a wreck were the causes of the gridlock.  nice people.  german station wagons were everywhere loaded with gear and pulling travel trailers. later on, after getting lost in the country, and in the dark, barely avoiding deer, and eventually rejoining the autobahn, i did manage 170-200 km/h for a couple of hours.  at that speed i was simply traveling with traffic in the left and middle lanes.  the separated white lines kind of blur together at those speeds. i had a turbo charged gasoline seat leon fr with a tight suspension that handled the autobahn speeds quite nicely, but even so, i kept an eye on oil temperature at those sustained speeds to ensure the rental company wouldn't be charging me a rather lofty sum before they let me leave the country. and you drove at those speeds (105 - 124 mph) without a valid german license? and in a rental car to boot? wow! having the right car definitely helps.  the a3 autobahn has segments of unlimited speed between the cities, and then it drops down to regulated zones of anywhere from 90 km/hr to 130 km/hr.  at first i didn't understand the german signage and kept my speeds rather checked.  once i learned the speed sign meanings i stepped up my speeds to stay with traffic in the two leftmost lanes for the unlimited segments.  for the regulated areas i kept my speed right at the speed limit in the right lane as i was concerned about the heavy use of traffic cameras. it's amazing how fast the germans will pass slower lorry traffic in the right lane, but everyone, and i mean everyone, is very disciplined about use of the different lanes.  no hanging out in the fast lane, period.  it was a refreshing experience to drive on perfectly maintained roads and along trained drivers. if americans had to pass all the requirements for  a german driving license we be a nation on horseback. richard, i had a pretty good idea of where you were and what you were going through. so sorry for the loss of such a fine man.  it always gives my heart a lift when i hear about someone such as your bil. he, indeed, left this world a better place. hope your sis is doing ok. you are all in our thoughts and prayers. you haven't really lost him. he has always been in your heart, and in many other hearts...and that is where he will remain. dan very annoying. i peruse tampa cl for giggles and to buy cars in my mind. today i was wondering what mark viii selections they had. unfortunately some creepy dealers now include a million tags on their ads for other cars so no matter what you search for you get all their cars on your search list. here's a good example. scroll down to the bottom of the ad to see what i mean. do these dealers really think pulling this stuff will make you buy from them? hey mako1a how's the bidding in that convertible going.  i revisited your link and it looks like your $5000 is still hi bid with 19 hours left.  or do i have to hit a refresh button?  it says reserve not met. does that mean your bid won't cut it? yes, if the reserve isn't met, then the "reserve sign" stays up. it only disappears if the bid meets or exceeds the secret number. also we should all keep in mind that ebay car auctions are not binding in any way. you can bid and then renege, or the seller can refuse to sell you the car at the bid price.  the worst that could happen to either buyer or seller is a nasty comment. same for any real estate sold on ebay.  other types of auctions do have protections from ebay. i've been seeing that for some time now.  the answer is quite simple, just check the box for "title" in the search area at the top of the page.  this means your search item must be found "in the title" in order to be a match. i find it very hard to believe, but ... there are things going on in craigslist that are inexplicable.  what about the ads with "email only" where they never answer your emails? or the ads with a phone number, but no one answers, and the recording says "voice mail not activated on this account"? i think about 50% of the ads on craigslist (at least for cars) are bogus, fakes, perhaps some kid playing on his mom's computers.  and a very large part of the remaining 50% are curbstoners.  it's getting out of hand, the people that run craigslist need to take some kind of corrective action. on the other hand, when i was selling my passat last month, craigslist is what worked. i also tried autotrader, and received no responses.  so i guess we just have to deal with it. yes, that's what it means.  i'm not surprised, a gt convertible in good shape with low miles is going to go for probably twice that (or at least a lot closer to $10k than to $5k). henry, my recent sales (and 1 buy) have been using cl.  can be frustrating, but gotta go where the buyers are.   mostly i have sold, so that eliminates the stoners, but you do have to weed out the flakes.  but i have gotten pretty good at that. when shopping, you quickly get a feel for the legit ads, and which ones to totally avoid.  still a crapshoot. you have to be pretty lucky to achieve those numbers, though. retail is $3k over, not private party. private party is more like $2k. then you figure in the cost to prep it for sale, the advertising fees, if any, and your time and aggravation, as you mentioned, and the profit proposition is almost nonexistent in most cases. i too would like to express my deepest sympathies and condolences to you and your family, richard.  everything you've done to comfort your brother in law &amp; make his final days more pleasant are part of what makes you a wonderful human being. good luck with your son.  i'm hoping for the best that it is benign.  safe travels &amp; take care.  please keep us updated. forget german laws, most americans can't get the hang of their own laws. in the past two weeks i have had cars pass my school bus full of special needs kids twice on the shoulder as i made right turns.  yesterday i had a woman pass me on the left as i made a left turn and then turn right. what mental logic makes these people think doing that is ok? that's brilliant.  why didn't i think of that? there certainly a lot of flakes and scammers on cl.  i can spot many of them.  i guess it annoys me as a basically honest person to see the dishonesty of others. i've sold a few small items on cl over the years with no problems. besides the fact that it is dangerous, you have got to be a complete idiot to pass a school bus with it's lights flashing.  in ny state, it is a 6 point moving violation plus a fine.  judges are pretty strict as far as making those stick too. i saw a news item about a guy who bought a car from cl, a cadillac escalade.  it was put together from a bunch of cars that had been written off by insurance companies.  the investigators said most people would never know the car had been reconstituted.  since the fine tollerances were off and the structure was gone the car was totally unsafe.  the scammers find a car that will be destroyed and use that car for a serial number. i hope i am not in the financial position of having to try to buy a car on cl!. question for the experts.  my son leased a vw in nj and has since moved to ny.  if he wants to re register it, does that gave to go through a vw dealer, or should get call vw credit?  i assume he can't just do at the dmv.  not sure he wants to keep it licensed here fir another 2.5 years, but could be pricey (taxes and fees) to change it over.  i assume he would have to change his dl first? is your name on any of the paperwork? when i was in college, my car was registered with my folks in ca, but i secured an az driver's license. i'm sure ny wants any new residents to re-register their car with ny tags within 60-90 days (that's how it is in colorado), but i'm sure he can wait until the nj tags expire before he <strong>  has </strong> to do something. all in his name.  not sure what the insurance company is going to think.  technically he us a contract employee.  can always claim just on a temp assignment? hmmm..so the first x3 that we were looking at has sold, however this little beauty is now available any thoughts on price?  i have an idea of what i would pull the trigger at, but curious what the crowd thinks he should definitely establish residence in ny.  the insurance rates in albany vs. nj must be cheaper.  he has already paid sales tax on the car, so he will not have to pay it again when he registers it in new york.  the nys dmv actually has a very helpful website.  he'll probably have to get the car inspected in ny for emissions &amp; safety. when i moved to ct from ny, i turned my ny plates in with a year left on the registration and was refunded money. ha ha that's so outrageous it's almost funny.  fortunately, for the kind of cars i would buy off cl it wouldn't be worth it to put together a frakencar out of parts. murphy, looks like the same car you posted a few weeks ago. at that price, i'd be looking at new. free maintenance, new car smell, sat radio. the seller doesn't seem to want to admit depreciation happens. and seattle seems more pricy than virginia. yikes, that could be a can of worms.  leasing in ny is different due to the trial lawyers who run the state.  years ago they started suing the car manufacturers directly for lease car accidents.  this lead to the cancellation of all leasing for a time. while i don't understand the legality of it all, the solution resulted in a a lessee actually buying the car up front and agreeing to sell it back at lease end.  was a big mess. i don't know if you could even convert a nj leased car to a ny registration without some fancy footwork. try this site hope i'm wrong. if he plans on going to the local dmv office tell him to skip the albany location.  snake pit is too kind of a term for it.  have him go to the clifton park office.  much nicer people up there. since he is a resident of ny state, he has to change his license and registration within a certain time frame.  as for registering a leased vehicle in ny, here is a link to the information thanks rob.  i was just going to go searching, and you saved me the trouble!  a little odd, since it requires a copy of the title which would have to come from the lease holder (vw credit). quite the hassle. that's because the vehicle has a nj title and it has to be converted to a ny title in order to register the car. &gt; it was hard for me to read the website, but, it looks like it has all the options.  personally, i like the light color interior. i'd double check what the price should be on a proper site, but around $36 would seem reasonable.  it will be 3 years old in another month or two. good luck, i think you would like this one more than the last one.  consider an extended warranty.  will make for a great car. driver that is what i was thinking as well.  they seem to be rare in this area.  wife is going to look at it at lunch time.  that will determine if we keep dancing or not...  smiley that's a nice low mile vehicle. out of my price range but if i were a suv guy i might consider it.  little danger of it being raced or beaten. as long as the oil was changed what more would it need? how much warranty is left? the 2003 mustang gt vert ended on ebay. all of our guesses $5,700-$6,500 on the price weren't close. seems the guy wants $11,500 for it. are you kidding me? maybe i should trade in my 2013 gt since his is that high, mine must be well over $50k. it all ends up being a moot point.  had the wife take a look at the car during lunch, pretty much exactly how she wanted it, color and options.  i sent an email around 300 pm telling them we loved it and here was our offer...and bam it had already been sold.  the same time my wife was looking at it another salesperson was selling it...going to tough to find that same color combination in a low miles lease return... it seems there is a shortage of good used cars.  it sounds like you will have to go with your wife and just go for it if you like it.  surprising they are selling so fast. my 2004 x3 was bought by my sil about 7 years ago.  it has 150k miles on it and still like new.  it has had some repairs but nothing you wouldn't expect in a 10 year old car with slightly high mileage. at least you have an idea of what you should pay.  a 3 year old bmw gets you about 50% to 55% of it's value when you trade it in, so expect to pay at least 10% more than that. once again, good luck.  looking for the right one is half the fun. actually, i guessed that the price would be in the 10k range, so reasonably close to my guess.  used car prices are insane, they have been since 2008 when new car sales fell off the cliff.  with no new cars sold in 2008, '09, '10, etc., there is a corresponding shortage of used cars today, so ...   supply and demand. my friend just traded in a 2011 chevrolet silverado crew cab with 48,000 miles.  she paid right at $26k new in february of 2011, and got $23k trading it in 2 weeks ago.  she drove the truck for 3.5 years, put 48 thousand miles on it, and got $3k less than what she paid. do yourself a favor, just buy new. i saw this on my travels through central pa last week. then there was that "cash for clunkers" thing.  unintended (hopefully) consequences and all. henry, maybe you're right and i'm out of touch with used vehicles. my last 6 or 7 vehicles have been new except for an old truck i got off ebay locally. just that i remember 2001-2004 gts selling in the 11-12k range 5 years ago. i thought the thrill would be gone by now with the hp improvements in the new ones. <em>  yep, this just out from "  " </em> take note there is a squeeze coming to an auto dealer near you. two important factors to new automotive sales -- low interest rates and relatively high values for used automobiles – are forecast to move in unwelcome directions. that color would take some getting used to. my wife would be unhappy and my daughter might disown me if i brought that baby home.  though if she got the hang of the stick and learned how to do burnouts, she might get over it. oh, gimme a break. i just saw a really nice low miles one on a friend's used car lot for $6499 well great, he can buy it a birthday cake and sing to it once a year in his garage. that's definitely not the color i'd pick if i were ordering from the factory, but would you take it home for the right price?  it's new year's eve, the 2015 redesign is off and running.  ford has mega incentives plus 0 financing for 72 months.  you've always wanted a v8 mustang with a stick.  do you go for it? there's a big contingency of us on edmunds that only buy new &amp; a group that pretty much solely considers used.  some cars just have unexplainably high resale values and you'll see it on a dealer's lot with an asking price not too far off from its current model year, new counterpart. look at prices of a used honda fit, jeep wrangler unlimited, toyota 4runner, ford mustang gt... that's pretty pricey.  is there some unusual demand for almost 12 yo mustangs? is the convertible rare for that year? i don't understand. wonder if they got even close to $41k for it. based on mako1a's mustang people are paying crazy money for used. i thought there was no color which could make a mustang look bad but i was wrong. was driver100 out buying cars for me? i believe that color looks better in daylight than in the camera and screen representation. a local dealer had one a couple years back and put it out on the driveway to the store. they park interesting cars along one side of their driveway (which is wide). the color was a little different from the similar camaro green. i liked the camaro green better, but the ford says "look at me!" i would have a hard time putting that one in my garage, but then i'm not 25 and wanting to impress other guys and girls. gimme a nice dark red. better than the usual black, dark gray or silver that it seems 90% of vehicles are made with these days. it's a mustang, a fun car, so some color is expected. too bad they didn't color-coordinate the interior. well, they did get my age wrong, i am not 89 yet. the thieves are getting very creative...who would think you get led to a phony car and then get held up?  i like the plan to combat the thieves if you use cl, the police set up places on their parking lot where you can conduct business. is this how dangerous it has become to buy a car these days?  i really wonder, there are many great things about our two countries....one is a system of conducting business in a pretty honest and trusting way.....it seems like we are slipping back and becoming more like 3rd world countries in that respect. btw...that funky green mustang is a bit of a shocker.  i don't mind it but i prefer yellow or bright orange.  i think you have to be under 30 to buy one though, or you will look silly. somehow, i would have bet a $1000 on that! couldn't resist...just joking! well, the camaro color (discontinued) is more like spring grass freshly starting photosynthesis. it's a fresh green that i could almost taste. however, give me a white convertible in either one and i'd be happy. color the interior something other than black. just so you <em>  know </em> , the mustang color reminds me more of kermit the frog colors, something of a day glow tone. maybe it's just that it has some yellow in it. not for me. but it probably stimulated lots of testosterone in somebody because it sat out there for a few weeks and was gone, probably with adm on it. this was while ford was running the mustang commercials where the mustangs changed color while driving, something of a chameleon car. i still like mustangs because they remind me so much of\ my first two new cars. that's a very nice lemon green---probably works better in a ford fiesta than in the mustang. but then again, i am not much of an equine aficionado. give me a camaro any day and i would be a contented man. by the way, in the current issue of <i>  fortune magazine, </i> they wrote and in-depth and interesting piece on the 2015 ford 150. wow, i didn't realize the detailed planning and testing that goes into the development of a new vehicle, albeit an all aluminum truck. what i don't understand though, is if aluminum is the most plentiful element or metal on earth why is the raw material so expensive to convert to industrial grade aluminum? edit here is the link to the ford article because it's more difficult (read expensive) to extract aluminum from the ore than iron is. , i saw that car a couple of weeks ago on our way home from dc. the dealership is on the north bound side of 15, near harrisburg. yup!  that's the one!  i see you took the "back way" and avoided 95 , yes we take the 'back way'. it's longer, but a much better ride, overall. plenty of used car dealerships on 15 that i like to look at, if i'm not driving. we usually stop at wegman's in wilkes barre to get something to eat. yeah, dark red is my color too.  i toyed with the bright yellow but decided i didn't want to drag race at every corner. and have the police watch you drag race from every corner. aluminum takes an enormous amount of energy to separate it from the bauxite ore it resides in.  i seem to remember that many of the dams in the pacific northwest were built specifically to provide the hydroelectric power to refine the metal for aircraft production during ww ii. regarding that green mustang... it's been done before. the color doesn't look so bad, after you have seen the wheels on it. click on picture to play youtube video. local dealer had at least one of those cars with a paisley pattern on the side. and the green one. <span class="videowrap">  <span class="video youtube" data-youtube="youtube-hiyhxf_kvc0?autoplay=1">   <span class="videopreview">   </span>   <span class="videoplayer">   </span>  </span> </span> the greens not too bad on that one....because it changes to something else after 10 seconds. i like some of the striping ideas in that commercial.  i always thought of getting the cross hood and down the side stripe seen on that green one ( minus the green).  think that looks nice without being overdone like the white one that matches the guy's arm tattoo. i like the "paisley" style pattern. white car/black paisley. i am feeling the generation(s) gap. on the way home from menards, i saw a kawasaki in that same green and the rider had a heavy jacket and helmet with lots of kawasaki branded labels and lots of the same green as the mustang. there's still something about the mustangs with the sequential turn signals and the shape so close to the two that i had that still gives a queasy feeling when i see good examples of the car. dark red convertible or white convertible--thank you. maybe i'll win another one. , the 'hockey stick' stripe is classic ford. you mean it was invented by a canadian! for the record, i like the hockey stick stripe too.  i just don't think people over 40 should get wild colors or stripes. i saw a current generation buick regal go by and it had stripes on the side of the car. they were in the middle, not the whole length. they were not in any particular pattern but made a nice eye-catching pattern of brown and tan on the white regal. probably done by a jobber who does stripes. it was attractive. dayton area don't play with bb guns in walmart. ssssssh. now we have to watch out for people calling in 911 calls that someone has a (bb) gun. note the policeman had a previously questioned shooting. man dead. another woman died of heart attack leaving the store. police not forthcoming with information about the item having been a toy bb gun rather than a real gun. girl friend on phone with victim at the time claims victim told police it's not a real gun. thought of you not long ago - just cruised through dayton on i-75 (it's not a blue highway day today....). would have given you some warning but i was afraid you'd steal my chair. strange story. not clear what really happened. lots of unanswered questions. me? steal the chair? yup. i'd sure enjoy having one. i think some others have said they would also. i considered trying to make one for myself. glad you made it through the construction area downtown. only a couple more years of that! grin mike - glad you made it to ca. sounds like a long day. best of luck with your son. it's amazing what doctors can do now with the technology available. when my daughter in law was diagnosed with lymphoma last year, we weren't sure how they were going to treat it. her doctor conferred with the folks at sloan kettering (same place that helped fezo) and they developed a custom chemo treatment for her. 8 week long visits to the hospital and she's now cancer free. glad to hear you made it to cali. just being near your son is therapeutic for both of you. stay strong and be the best dad you can. good luck with everything mike. hope it goes as well as it can mike.  keep us posted! my thoughts and wishes for a speedy recovery go out to you and your son. in illinois it is a minimum $150 fine and a mandatory 3 month suspension of your drivers license. oh oh. feds just fined hyundai for hiding brake problems with 2009-12 genesis models.  something about toxic fluid causing braking problems. don't some of you guys have one of those? "instead of recalling the cars, **hyundai issued a “technical service bulletin” to its dealers asking them to replace the brake fluid if they discovered the problem or if an owner complained. **but hyundai failed to inform all genesis owners of the potential safety consequences of the problem, the safety agency said. eventually, hyundai recalled the cars after the nhtsa opened an investigation into the brake defect. "the nhtsa investigation found that hyundai knew that brake fluids used in the genesis models did not sufficiently inhibit corrosion in key components of the vehicle’s brake system.". thinking back to my recent posts about the general attitudes toward certain car companies, i recall i was mocked recently for pointing out that some brands were able to use "silent recalls" to fix things, sometimes without even the owner knowing there was something dangerous involved. all of that helps the image of the brand of course. that is precisely what kia consented to having done. and this is easier to do with the cars that sell in smaller numbers like special cars or expensive cars. people are so careful about their special cars they can be convinced they have to have everything done at the dealer store, especially under warranty, and so many "little" problems can be fixed silently. indeed. this is a company that has been found to lie about its horsepower ratings, lie about its mpg ratings, and has been widely rumored to use paid agents to influence opinion by posting false positive reviews in places like this. why would anyone trust them??? "...indeed. this is a company that has been found to lie about its horsepower ratings, lie about its mpg ratings, and has been widely rumored to use paid agents to influence opinion by posting false positive reviews in places like this. why would anyone trust them???..." and just when i was considering putting the genesis coupe back on my short list of old-age crisis cars.  i guess jmonroe's hyundai horror story was not isolated. that may be true...may not be.  i would like to see some proof of those accusations before more urban myths are passed along.....such as the one's about high depreciation for hyundai and kia. also, car companies may have silent recalls, but, i am sure gm has had more than their fair share of them too.  it makes sense if there is something that isn't life threatenning that has to be done to the car to do it when it is being serviced. i took the 535 in for an oil change and they told me they had to change a part or make an adjustment, that the car would be tied up for an extra 20 minutes if that was ok with me.  better than booking another appointment. while i can't speak for the brand as a whole, my son had an elantra that served him well, for well over 100k miles.  i will say that the dealership's service dept was not very interested in doing the work that was actually called for on a couple of recalls.  when i quizzed them, they always said that they were doing exactly what hyundai told them to do. one was a recall on the front suspension.  pretty serious recall.  they had to remove some of the components that were not on the recall to replace the components that were on the recall.  they tried to charge my son for that. after more than a few nasty phone calls to hyundai corporate, we got it fixed   but, boy did they give me grief. i liked the cheap hyundai for my son's school years.  i think i paid less than $10k for a brand new car with 5 year bumper to bumper and 10 year drivetrain warranty (although it was a fight to get warranty work done sometimes...customer service was not high on hyundai's list). but, $40k-$50k-$60k?  not going there. anyone who owns a hyundai, this is not a disparaging post about your choice in vehicles or of you personally.  it's just my experience. mako1a's 2003 mustang got me wondering if the stang was one of those cars that always commands crazy money used like jeep wranglers.  evidently so is this typical or do some sellers love their cars more than they should? asking prices are just the seller's first amendment rights--it might have nothing to do with reality at all. in this case, i suspect the seller wants a premium price for the extra goodies that he put in so the car is worth $3000 and he wants another $2k for the goodies--even if we allow him 50% depreciation, seems like he's a bit high by a thousand or perhaps more. have you had any strange interactions or bloopers with the voice command system in your car? a reporter would like to talk with you. please send your story to by wednesday, august 13, 2014. are you referring to my wife?  her's is the only voice command i've ever had to deal with. farmer, you beat me to it with the wife crack. just i here after a long absence.  still trying to catch up on medical issues. have an appointment at sloan kettering monday which might or might not explain the weird platelet activity. richard - so sorry to hear about your bil.  i tell people all the time to have the world be a better place for having you in it.  sounds like he had that way more than covered. mike - best of luck. it's a hard road you're on.  you have lots of friends here.  lean on us as you can. rb - either congratulations or my sympathies for your extended judgeship days. take whichever is appropriate. looking for bigger wheels for your car? here's an ultimate  example. wanting that car that screams "look at me" when you drive by? well i may have to abandon my search for a used porsche 996 and look this baby up! it screams "i am a moron" to me. <strong>  the bad news </strong> this weeks gm recalls *the largest u.s. recall friday was for 202,115 older saturn vue crossover suvs for an ignition key cylinder problem. *gm suv models. the problem, revealed in documents posted by federal safety regulators this week, is so serious that gm is telling customers to park the suvs outdoors until they are repaired because they could catch fire when left unattended. the vehicles will be left outside for a while. parts won’t be ready until october at the earliest, according to gm. the automaker also has ordered its dealers to stop selling the suvs as used cars until they are fixed. the recall covers about 189,000 vehicles in north america, mainly from the 2006 and 2007 model years. models affected include the chevrolet trailblazer, gmc envoy, buick rainer, isuzu ascender and saab 97-x. **the good news is **gm sales are booming.  seems people get a $500 coupon when they come in for their recall notice and they can't stop from buying a new car.  i think they figure their old car isn't safe, or they will wait for months to get parts, might as well buy a new car.  it will be interesting to see how much the trade ins will be worth, some are predicting they will take a hit. a couple of years ago i was test driving a new lincoln(only in order to get a $50 gift card <strong>  and </strong> because the dealer was making a donation to food for the poor for every test drive). i don't remember which model it was, but the sales guy was eager to show off the "new" voice recognition system; he said "tune to fm station nine seven point five." the linc replied, "now tuning to gay radio station." my son and i couldn't stop laughing, my wife just shook her head, and the sales guy just turned beet red and said not a word for the rest of the drive. has that chrome paint too.  i always wondered with those big wheels, how do you make turns without scraping the inner fender. might make for some real bargains once they get fixed. what would play on a "gay" radio station, elton john 24/7?  btw, i like many of his songs so i might tune it in. this must mean we need to start reporting all recalls and tsbs here. it seems, however, that finding tsbs for brands is difficult because they are usually indexed by models and years. also some brands seem more successful at not issuing public tsbs for their vehicles but instead effecting repairs in quieter ways. so we need to start looking for those tsbs. they are car specific and year specific in the list here recalls are available gm's getting all and any problems out there and fixing them. i love the people who criticize gm for not having run recalls and then criticize them when parts aren't immediately available for fixing all the recalls when they do run the recalls. sounds hypocritical. it takes time to make parts. yeh, but, to not be able to park your suv in the garage for 3 months because it might burn your house down - i would be very upset. if i owned such a vehicle i for sure would not buy another car from them. i know gm is an easy target right now, and i won't say any more, until there is another recall at least, but, i haven't heard of this many serious recalls from any other manufacturer.  going forward, gm cars may be better than average because they will be monitoring the situation carefully.  for the last few years though they have had a serious problem with quality control. this is a misleading copy/paste. the problem with the trailblazer/envoy group is not an ignition switch issue but a faulty master power window switch that can apparently short out. it is a problem only in climates where road salt is used. they have already addressed this issue twice with previous campaigns but now are going to replace the entire switch assembly with a new design. of course, you could just disconnect the switch until the recall is completed. i think gm is taking flack because now they are recalling everything for every little problem that in the past might have been just a tsb.  the media has the gm bone and is chewing it like usual.  they have a tendency to kick when someone is down. i don't think and more or less of gm because of the recalls. what is misleading about gm advising people to leave their suv outside because it could burn the house down whether it is a copy/paste or not. we may be overdoing the recalls (though i think it isn't a good thing personally), but, some people will defend gm no matter what.  what would it take to say gm made a mistake, a steering wheel coming off in your hands? i used the word misleading because you started with a reference to an ignition switch recall on another vehicle and left out the part about this one actually being for a power window switch, that's all. since it is a window switch it is considerably easier to just disconnect it or pull the appropriate fuse and continue using the vehicle until parts are ready. or park it in your garage. i'm not making any allegation on your part, just a statement. gm makes all kinds of mistakes. all car manufacturers do. the implication left by some that they are alone in that is what i take offense to. when the new fusion and mkz were introduced one had a door fire at the detroit auto show for a very similar reason as this. the issue is the continued focus on gm recalls with little mention of any others. hyundai was just forced (under duress i might add, with the pain of a $17 million fine from the us govt for covering it up) to recall a bunch of santa fes because the front springs corroded and snapped into bits. just thought i'd mention it in the interests of balance. i have to agree; i'm no fan of gm and i will almost certainly never own another gm product(like toyota, they simply don't make anything i would ever want to own- c7 excepted) but i think that they are no worse than any other mass-market automaker. i've even recommended gm products to a few of my friends and acquaintances. you make some very good points ab, but, honestly, if the keys were falling out of bmws and doors were catching on fire and ihad to disconnect the wiring so i could park in the garage i doubt if i would be buying another one. yes, all companies have recalls, and as cars get more complex there will be more recalls, and in some ways a recall can be a good thing.  but, i have other choices and i don't have the patience for incompetence.  and, maybe, just maybe these are the things that have to be reported.  what if there are other issues that aren't safety related and the time has gone by where gm has to honor doing any repairs.  and if faulty parts or poor engineering are showing up in the recalls that have to be made, how many other issues could there be? i don't think i am being against gm, if i owned a bmw that had those kinds of issues i would switch brands. casa roadburner is hopping- in between watching the pga championship my son and his friends have a large cache of firearms;  target and skeet shooting are the order of the day. and my son scored a ticket to the pga for tomorrow; he's a bit excited... bmw did have a not that long ago. 3-series and x5s mostly iirc. the ones that made the news were the ones that burned up garages ( ) i would certainly never want to buy a bmw because they have had problems like this with fires. i can only imagine how many problems are in them that we don't know about. click on top picture to play video. <span class="videowrap">  <span class="video youtube" data-youtube="youtube-zmxgyikvufw?autoplay=1">   <span class="videopreview">   </span>   <span class="videoplayer">   </span>  </span> </span> it's a pain having to shovel snow out to it, but there's a lot to be said for having a detached garage. no worries about co getting into your house either. here's an edmunds link to audi fires just wanted to let you guys know that i'm changing my profile pic for a little bit to show support &amp; solidarity for mike.  i thought the pink ribbon license plate was appropriate for our forum.  if anybody would like, i'll gladly email the image if you'd like to do the same. here is what it said about that recall.  "volkswagen group of america is recalling approximately 3,594 2013-'14 audi s6 and s7 cars in the u.s. because a fuel line leak may result in a fire." fuel line leaks and other similar problems (brake lines, fuel line too close to manifold etc) can happen.  usually a design flaw, but, these are caught and fixed before there is an incident. i'd never buy an s6 or s7 anyway, but, these kind of recalls happen frequently, not in the same category as an electric window setting your car on fire when it is sitting in a garage. thanks for the links and it does seem bmws and as one fellow said on your links....if you search any car you will find incidences of fires. most fuel line or electrical problems seem to get caught before there is an incident. my point still, is if i got a notice saying i had to park my car outside for 3 months because it could catch fire i wouldn't buy another one. but, thanks for making the point to everyone, i had no idea how many cars seem to burst into flames. interesting.  some of these cars look pretty old and they also could be modified.  might not even been taken care of......they don't look like regular cars. i am surprised at how many cars catch on fire.  like one guy said, if you search for fires in any make you will find them. it's an eye openner for me....how many cars seem to be able to catch on fire. all these years and i only have one friend who lost his pickup to fire. he was on a long trip on gravel roads and thinks his carb basically shook apart. we are blessed to have each day. life is so tenuous. an acquaintance from the neighborhood, who visited a lot with the shade tree mechanic that lives nearby and who helps me with car maintenance items with his full set of tools on loan, died unexpectedly at 48 leaving a wife and daughter last tuesday night. massive heart attack. went in to take a shower and was found shower running but he was on the floor. a 21-year old who was in our boy scout troop died at maryland international raceway last week crashing his motorcycle while learning how to race. i'm told it was the third death at the school recently from crashes. enjoy life while you can. tomorrow is not promised. mike, we are all hoping and praying with you. i don't recall any friend, aquaintance, or anyone i knew who had a car that caught on fire.  it seems to happen on cars that have been modified or got old and something came loose. some of these stories seem to be like the audi brake problem.....it is more than an actual fault with the car. if i wasn't holding out for a 2015 mustang i might jump on the deals they're giving on the 2014s.  truecar says they are discounting $5k off sticker. do any of you folks have links to any road tests on the '15 gt? best i've seen is an article on a pre production 4cyl. turbo. nyccarguy, that's a nice gesture. mike, starting to feel stupid saying this but we're all pulling for you and your family.  wish there was more we could say. 5k off?  hmmmm. this recall indicates vw didn't learn from an earlier recall involving the fuel system this included a6 and other models for a flawed part in 2001-2004. doesn't mention if passats had the same flaw. "nhtsa has determined that over time the plastic material used for the fuel tank rollover valve when coupled with the stress from the bending of the aluminum ventilation line to the rollover valve nipple can cause cracking of the nipple. the end result is a fuel leak, which can potentially lead to a vehicle fire." waiting for parts, for which gm has been criticized, must not be so unusual. here's a car report in june and dealers won't even start looking at vehicles until july; "starting in june audi dealers will begin inspecting, reinforcing and repairing the nipples in question." and another safety recall. this one reported publicly in december but dealers won't start until sometime january. that means not driving car because if you have accident side air bags might not be competent. "volkswagen is recalling certain model 2012 audi a6 vehicles manufactured from april 8, 2011, through may 26, 2011. due to a problem in the stitching process of the curtain air bag, the seam of the air bag may not be stitched properly." some of you guys are acting like paid shills..... yep... what's the difference between a paid shill and a non paid rabid fan? rabid implies diseased? assuming someone is including myself in that group, if i were supportive of range rover as the perfect car brand for everyone and if i were criticizing gm and posting about gm's misadventures with fires and problems, would the reaction have been the same? if so, good. (i picked range rover as an expensive vehicle that i don't believe anyone here owns or is tied to as a supporter. if i'm wrong i apologize.) i'm not paid by nor have i ever worked for gm directly or indirectly. i'm sort of like a judge having to make decisions as to whether someone has been fairly treated. i would feel the same about ford were it not that they sold me a 1973 windsor 351 with timing gear/chain problems after 60k miles and had been building the engine for years so they knew it was flawed. the dealers told me if it was over 60kmi, then the chain was worn too much. i had it fixed at the ford dealer, who ripped me off, and traded it while they had it in their possession finalizing the deal the afternoon i picked up the vehicle from the repairing dealer. the oldsmobile cutlass supreme for which i had traded for arrived on the truck while i was finishing the paperwork. flawless. i think even a rabid fan will-or should-admit when their favored marque drops the ball. for example, i will be the first to admit that bmw is "losing the plot" as the brits say, by building cars that are bigger, heavier, and worse- softer than their immediate predecessors. i've even said that my mildly modified mazdaspeed 3 is much more engaging to drive than any new 3 series i have sampled. my parents are currently shopping for a jeep grand cherokee.  after a test drive, we keep getting "follow-up" emails from the sales person.  i understand following up is a crucial sales tool, especially in the auto sales biz.  make sure it is genuine.  the following comes to my inbox at 617 every am "anything i can do to assist you in your vehicle purchase? i am dedicated to providing you a wonderful buying experience. while i am eager to share the many benefits available to you when purchasing your new vehicle at our dealership, i certainly do not want to impose. i would again like to extend my services to you, and i look forward to serving you when you feel i can be of assistance. should you have any further questions, please feel free to call me. thank you again for the opportunity. i look forward to working with you in the future." because i only have my iphone with me out here in california and my son does not have a computer in his house, i've not posted very much.  but we are at my son's so's house for lunch today, and she has a wild set-up. in any case, we all have to think back about 50-60 years ago when our fathers bought cars.  during the mid century (20th obviously), families were either gm families, ford families or chrysler families.  there were no bmw families, mercedes families, toyota families, hyundai families, etc., because of the way our fathers were brought up in their homes.  ford was ford, chevy was chevy, olds was olds, etc.  what i am trying to say is there are still many, many drivers who buy cars the way their dads bought cars.  as an example, "....if it ain't a ford, i ain't buyin' it!"  or, "...if it ain't a gm product, i ain't buyin' it!"  these were, and are, people who are downright attached to a specific make of product.  the same can be said for refridgerators, ovens, electronics, etc. just because ab348 and imidazol espouse gm doesn't mean they are paid "shills".  it's just their way of thinking, like our fathers' used to think.  they have a certain attachment to a brand, which is far more american than apple pie. i, frankly, have not attachments to brands.  i buy what works and what has an excellent reputation for longevity and maintenance free performance, no matter if it's a car, an appliance, electronics/computers, etc.  although i tend to lean more toward hewlett/packard when it comes to desktops because of many years of experience with them.  but otherwise, i am open to almost anything. i have a slightly negative opinion about bmw, but that was because of some recent negative experiences with their 535i sedans.  but i would still consider a bmw in the future.  i buy many mercedes benz sedans, but not because i am part of a mercedes family, but rather because of mostly positive experiences with their brand. imidazol and ab348 are merely "brand" loyal consumers.  i am sure if they had repeated bad experiences with gm products, they wouldn't be buying them either.  but their experiences are obviously positive or they would not be espousing their high quality or performance. there used to be something said for those who bought "american" rather than foreign.  but today's foreign manufacturers all have plants, for the most part, here in the u.s.  mercedes is building all of their new "c" class cars here in the u.s. along with all their suv's.  bmw builds most of their suv's here in the u.s.  so when you are out buying a new "foreign" made car, most of them are built here in the u.s. by american workers. i conclude my essay on why people are brand loyal by saying, "...if brand loyal people were not happy with the products, they would not be brand loyal any longer!" most of us have been here for a long time, and certainly i don't believe that we actually have any "paid shills" here. however, if someone new happened by, they might get the wrong idea. in your case imid...i believe you are just a patriot, and that is a good thing. my local mazda dealer did the exact same thing in 2007- except that they couldn't even get the model of the car right. the idiot kept asking me if i was still considering a <strong>  protege </strong> - which had gone out of production four years previously... that's a jeep thang. (you know, one of those foreign italian companies). guess i'll have to scratch audi from the list. once again, these recalls were for small numbers, no actual mishaps (accidents or death), and no cover-up, no possibility of a garage getting burned to the ground, not to mention house. like i say, recalls are a fact of life with complex products that are changing constantly, and car makers are at the mercy of their suppliers. i am ok with standard recalls.  you have made some good points that recalls can happen to any make and i did learn something of value.  number of recalls ****will not be as much of a factor ****when choosing my next car. people are lyal to a brand for those reasons and also to defend what they bought.  just human nature.  you don't go out and buy a $30k car because you think it is junk.  that's ok, if someone can put it down, someone can defend it.  that's why they make so many different kinds of cars. unfortunately rb, they don't care what you think.  the market for racing cars is small, the market for affluent americans is large.  it's a numbers game and the more people the car appeals to the more they will sell.  bmw may have lost their heritage, but they are laughing all the way to the bank. i am not a paid shill either, but rather a longtime gm fan (who has also owned vws and toyotas) that is bothered by both a "piling on" attitude and what i perceive as a bias in the automotive media. many of those now writing about cars are what i call the honda generation, and have a preference for asian cars that is very apparent in their work. regardless, what i find most interesting is that while gm is recalling everything, other domestic manufacturers are largely silent. chrysler has never been a paragon of quality, yet have there been any recent recalls for them? i find it hard to believe they are producing vehicles without some issues. ford sold my brother 2 new cars that are plagued with serious rust - a ranger whose frame completely rusted out in 6 years, and a focus that had a gas filler neck rust out in the same amount of time. both of those strike me as safety-related, yet no recalls. i know that the ranger frame rust is a widespread problem. when toyota had that problem on tacomas, they at least made an effort to make it good. not so with ford. i have learned a lot reading some of the forums here, especially the ones where people talk about buying used bmws. many if not most seem to have serious needs - exploding radiators, etc - yet are there recall campaigns for them? i do not know. all i seek is some balance. yup. you have to read down about two screens to find the beginning the article about a guy's work being a paid shill. you might call it a "racing car," but enthusiasts call it a communicative chassis and a flawless ride/handling compromise. the long term problem for bmw is that the buyers that munich is currently attracting almost certainly will not be brand loyal- they will be distracted by the next shiny flavor of the month bauble and abandon the marque in a heartbeat... well, if you'd read the bmw posts a bit closer, you'd know that the radiator and cooling system issues usually occur north of 100k miles- and often much longer than that(which has been my experience with my 1995 e36/5 and 2004 e83). everything is a trade-off; to me the issues  that i deal with that tend to be endemic to bmws(or mazdaspeed 3s, tjs,or t300s) are more than outweighed by the pleasure that they give me when i drive/ride them. as i've pointed out numerous times before, i don't dislike gm. the fact of the matter is that-aside from the c7-i simply do not find any gm product to be even the slightest bit interesting to me. that doesn't make them bad cars- they just aren't on my radar. i don't recall anyone suggesting that you hate them. i've read this from you a few times now. i'm not sure where you're getting the suggestion. just use your own judgement and buy what you like. yours is the only opinion that counts. any car can have a fire.  who knows what caused it? we can be chicken little and walk wherever we go i suppose. i like that phrase..... enthusiasts call it a communicative chassis and a flawless ride/handling compromise. that's why i enjoy my bmw and what i try to explain to people who don't understand what a bmw is all about.  i also agree, i am not going to worry about rad or fuel line problems that may happen at 100k miles....it is too much fun driving the car until it reaches that point. like you, i am not too impressed with the newer softer riding bmw models, but, they seem to be what the masses prefer.  bmw's still handle better and have more communicative chasis than most cars, but, they are changing. you never see anyone referring to chrysler as "government motors" and they are on their second bailout. gm has the "biggest" syndrome that makes people pick on them like they do wal-mart or mcdonald's. toyota is starting to get afflicted too. i think some of d3 is nicer new than the foreign brands, but i'm still not convinced they hold up as well after the warranty expires. but then asian cars are not as good holding up imho as well as say a decade ago. i think it's the "china" factor in parts. "...when toyota had that problem on tacomas, they at least made an effort to make it good..." wish toyota was that nice when i had my toyota pick up.  the frame was the only thing that didn't rust although when i shopped the junk yard for parts there were row after row of them with bad frames. on the other hand my '88 gm van never had  problems with the air bags...it doesn't have any. funny, you mentioned pie, mike.  american-style bakery goods, just like cars, is something i still have hard time getting used to, even after 16 years.  even oath of citizenship could not break my distaste to some of that stuff.  just like with cars, there are some excellent bakery products out there, but i find average cake or pie made in this country pretty abhorrent.  i think the worst of them all are so-called "birthday cakes" sold in supermarket stores - to me, eating those is a punishment to both the "honored" person and his guests to eat those, just as it would be a punishment for me to own 2008 ford taurus, chevy impala, or (much worse) cobalt. i think, in many respects they are very good metaphors for each other.  just like cars having way too much chrome and too soft seats and suspension, pies and cakes have too much sugar and shortening, and very little more. things are getting better and trends are changing, i can now say there are some of those american brand cars more appealing, especially inside.  seats got better, for the most part, ergonomics improved, quality of materials often exceeds that of japanese counterparts, especially in higher trims of each model, but sometimes even in base models as well, partially due to evident cost cutting at toyota and honda.  however, whether it is luxury (lincoln ,cadillac) or mainstream (chevrolet, chrysler), i still find majority of american branded vehicles bulky and aesthetically unappealing from the outside - i know some like those waterfall chrome grills or "take no prisoners attitude" from cadillac, for me it's a repellant, amplified by their horrible advertising.  after that ad that i mentioned already (one with "luxury through centuries, slaves sold separately" theme), i'd be simply embarrassed to buy a car.  at this point it doesn't matter if it's reliable, well priced, or has a great content.  all i can see is an egyptian noble being carried by slaves, or marie antoinette waving the crowd before her execution. one american brand car that i have liked over the years has been ford focus.  it was known to have really good suspension, decent engine and performance, sharp lines (most of the generations anyway).  it obviously came from europe, got a bit americanized (engines, slightly softer suspension), but kept most of its good features.  there may have been some quality problems here or there, but nothing fatal.  generally good value overall.  if i wanted a quality economy sedan, focus would be on my list. did anyone see that clip &gt; y, you mentioned pie, mike. american-style bakery goods, just like cars, is something i still have hard time getting used to, even after 16 years. &gt; great analogy dino.  european taste in art, cars, furniture etc is very different.  i know what you are saying about lots of chrome and sugar. i am starting to look for my next vehicle, going to do some preliminary scounting for an a6 and possibly jaguar.  i thought this would be a good chance to try a cadillac cts but i just don't think i can bring myself to try one.  i have images of an old guy with a big cigar driving down the highway...................... interesting imid.  i've always wondered about those "political" posts i see pratically every day on facebook.  i've never responded or read many of them.  but, i do see some of my friends being sucked into their alleged "debates".  i thought that someone, somewhere had to be controlling the content and tone of those posts. being a home theater enthusiast, i've even seen some "posters" who seem to be just a bit too chummy with a particular audio/video company.  i often wondered of they were paid shills. even when i was researching a cruise for the wife and i, i ran across an article about how royal caribbean cruise lines had been caught paying people, customers to shill for them.  they would spread false information about royal's competition, for example, claiming the food on another cruise line made them ill, or that service on another cruise line was poor, etc).  then, they would spread "false good reports" on royal cruises they had not even taken. i can't see why that wouldn't be prevalent in the car industry, too. i suppose the old adage is true.....don't believe everything you read. and when i think of euro luxury cars i think of some overly tanned, slicked-up dude with a case of b.o. wearing lots of gold chains and an open-neck shirt. stereotypes work both ways, guys... they do.  that would be one type of people driving 3-series - probably leasing it and trying to get to jersey shore. here it is. <span class="videowrap">  <span class="video youtube" data-youtube="youtube-3im23e4z-gy?autoplay=1">   <span class="videopreview">   </span>   <span class="videoplayer">   </span>  </span> </span> great and catchy song, terrible content.  this basically defines bad taste in luxury.   i repeat myself, but all i can think of is "slaves sold separately". so don't smoke. interesting imid. i've always wondered about those "political" posts i see pratically every day on facebook. i've never responded or read many of them. but, i do see some of my friends being sucked into their alleged "debates". i thought that someone, somewhere had to be controlling the content and tone of those posts. i hear advertisements on cincy radio or columbus about offers to change the public image of your business when people do a search. they offer to cover up bad comments, probably by posting lots of good ones with the right keywords in the metadata. i was searching comments on trivago.com and maps.google.com for pigeon forge motels and found a few reviews would slam the motel and a few were glorious accolades about the motel. one claimed a motel had bedbugs and they left with 60 bites. no other posts by that name. others were by bill anonymous from richmond, ky, and bill had made a couple of other reviews of restaurants while in the pf area. lots more credible. on maps.google i could click on the poster's icon and see other posts by the same person. those other posts often verified them as a real person randomly posting their opinion. same thing goes for posts on amazon.com about items. i look at other  posts to see if the posters seem to be  real. this effort to mold company image has been around since toyota's sludge problem. (yeah, i know other companies had sludge too.) there was a  poster who was attacking a person who was actively anti toyota, due to their resistance to admitting the fault was the engine and instead toyota was blaming the owners.. the shill followed the poster from forum to forum and befriended hosts and attempted to make trouble and agitate to get the forum closed. even got one toyota friendly group to delete all the old posts, which were full of information about the true source of the sludge problem. that person i found even practiced posting on a site for aspiring attorneys to hone their debate skills. the person seemed to be from canada in the area of a large operation by toyota east of detroit. that was based on various usernames on different forums and information given on the various sites by the shill. this is a bit dated, but still informative. i'm almost certain that i ran across a paid shill for lincoln a while back on the <em>  car and driver </em> "backfires" forum. people were commenting on a road test of a lincoln and the general consensus was that the car was a tarted-up ford. all of a sudden a guy popped in talking about how there were xx number of differences between the two cars and how the car was going to compete against brand abc but not brand xyz, etc. another participant and i commented the guy sounded like a paid shill and the lincoln fan went dead silent. i was also commenting on a <em>  usa today </em> automotive article which mentioned bmw and buick. that site only allows comments through facebook and thus it was easy to see where the loudest brand cheerleaders actually worked... i bet king tut didn't buy finance his pyramid at 7% on a 72 year loan. there's actually a very obscure historical irony in that commercial which i doubt many folks will remember. in the 1930s, cadillac forbid the sale of cadillacs to black people. they had to pay shills to straw buy the cars for them. of course, that's a long gone prejudice and no relationship to current times are implied, but as an amateur historian, it caught my attention in the commercial. lol, well in lieu of cash back, he might have got no interest loan. shill and the lincoln fan went dead silent. maybe he was offended and just didn't post further because of that allegation made which wasn't true in his case. and to make it worse it is a totally blinged out escalade.  it looks like an escalade with the "special bling" option. so don't smoke. lol. cadillac forbid the sale of cadillacs to black people. they had to pay shills to straw buy the cars for them. that is interesting, and of course times have changed so no parallel with todays gm. checked audi a6 a bit, sat in it, narrowed down the model i would want.  go back this afternoon with my wife to actually drive it.  so far, i just like the 535 more...the feel of it.  the salesman said i should try the others.  people who look at audi's compare to bmw.  people who look at mercedes compare them to lexus.  people who buy jaguars come in and want the german feel of the road again.  i didn't ask about cadillac but i might next time i see him. driver, just me, but if i already had an a4 and a passat, i would not get an a6.  too much similarity there.  to me the 4 and 6 blur together too much. are they shopping for a new one? a 2014? consumers who own and have reviewed this suv on our site are some of the unhappiest owners i've seen for any make/model in a long time ignore the aggregate 4-star rating - our ratings system has so many variables to check that it's possible to have a vehicle with awful mechanical and build quality issues receive a high aggregate rating.  seems that transmission and electrical problems are a very common complaint. thank-you.  it seems like they are having lots of problems with the 8 speed automatic.  yikes!  the review that really concerns me starts off with  "after working for chrysler for 42 years and driven nothing but chrysler products..." and ends with  "ok i think i'll try a ford."  i'll pass the new info along.  seems like they'll be better off with the mb. obviously there are no guarantees with any vehicle, but after reading/moderating some of those, the problems with the new jgc really stuck with me.  most vehicles have a mix of reviews with mostly good reviews, and the problems experienced don't have a pattern/aren't tied to the same component.  there are several that mention the windshield wipers coming on randomly, and the inability to turn them off, along with a few other electrical wizardry.  those issues + the multitude of transmission woes would certainly steer me away right now. seriously? when is the last time someone was "offended" on the internet and took his/her ball and went home? 99.9 times out of one hundred the aggrieved party ramps up the controversy exponentially. many years ago southwest forest industries had a sawmill in mcnary, arizona.  i was living near whiteriver at the time, so had numerous occasions to visit mcnary, since that's where the "company store," the bank and the theater were. point being, there were many shacks with cadillacs out front.  i'll leave it at that, else i'll be even more despised by the politically-correct, of whom there is no shortage, here or anywhere else. the rest of the story is that the fort apache indian reservation (their name, not mine), saw fit to run southwest out, and mcnary (along with maverick) is now a ghost town.  no more cadillacs, or yugos, for that matter. progress, i guess. i’m happy to report we’ll be ordering a 2015 subaru outback to be delivered later in the year. we started our search with the bmw diesel 3 series wagon and came away impressed with the drivetrain but underwhelmed with the newer bmw interior quality.  ultimately the lack of published and bmw-supported tow specifications eliminated the option from the list.  for reasons apparently only known to bmw, they’re happy to support european customers towing, but not americans. our next test drive was the volvo v60 with the new 4-cylinder turbo charged engine.  what a great engine and beautiful car!  truly we were impressed with the quality, handling, acceleration, and incredible fuel economy.  i almost can’t believe volvo is able to return such amazing fuel economy given the power output from the motor.  our reservations included a mandatory sunroof, low interior volume measurement, lack of rear leg room, and low ride height. i then commenced an internet search for all the vehicle options available to us using the following parameters in the end, the subaru seemed to be the best choice for our needs.  the challenge came down to how to option it out.  we detest sunroofs.  we want leather and the subaru eyesight system, but to get those two requires a limited trim that adds the sunroof and other options we don’t want. (to be continued) we considered dropping the eyesight option, but several discussions in the last two weeks have changed our minds.  the final discussion that swung me towards eyesight was actually a candidate i was interviewing for a position reporting to me at work, and he was recovering from a significant accident that would have been prevented with eyesight.  at that point i made the decision that if i could afford a safety system that may save my family, myself, or others the pain and agony related to a preventable accident, then i must act on that ability and choose safety over leather or hatred for a sunroof. so, we went down a trim level to premium and opted out of the leather.  we can add aftermarket leather later if it bothers us, but considering the van we’re replacing is fabric and we’ve been happy for 12 years, i don’t anticipate doing so. once we picked our trim level over the weekend, i worked up the pricing on an excel sheet with the options, msrp, invoice, and my target price.  i also researched contact info for 7 dealers near us.  in the process of choosing the outback, we had visited 2 different local dealers with 2015s in stock that gave us a perspective of the premium vs limited, and we decided to give them first shot.  we visited one saturday, but he told us they were blocked by subaru from ordering eyesight due to heavy demand and limited supplies.  we checked that finding with others and confirmed we could indeed order, we just couldn’t expect delivery until later in the year when subaru caught up. today i emailed both those two local dealers with my options and the price i thought was fair, which was 3% under invoice plus ttl.  i arrived at that number by reading the online forums and choosing a slight aggressive figure knowing i had time to wait if needed.  gratefully, one came back right away with a positive confirmation that we can order and at a price that was just $50 higher than what i quoted.  i was fine with that number, and tonight we’ll head over to place the order into subaru’s system along with a deposit. exciting!  i’m thinking delivery will probably be late october, hopefully in time for me to apply opti-coat 2.0 before the temperatures become too cold to properly cure it.  eyesight has been delayed and the only deliveries with the option have been demo cars for the press.  time will tell. no of course not. but if you read back some in pop culture you'd see that cadillac was once the "forbidden fruit" to a lot of poor people, white, black or whatever. as soon as someone struck it rich in the 30s, 40s and 50s (like elvis or a major sports star), they'd buy themselves the biggest glitziest caddy they could find. whether it was texas steerhorns, or elvis's mink carpeting and gold lame curtains, cadillac and "good taste" didn't always walk hand in hand. ty, when i got my saturn l300 back in '02, i really wanted leather. however, the car the dealer had in stock was cloth, so i took the opportunity to add katzkin aftermarket leather (and heated seats). wonderful experience! i was able to choose a custom color that complemented both the interior trim and exterior color perfectly - i received many compliments on the color over the years. it was, iirc, something like $1200 or $1500 to have it added - seats, door cards, heating elements. this is most certainly true.  during the golden years that i lived in the vancouver (bc) area, i kept my boat in west vancouver for awhile (fishermans' cove).  beautiful area, with many stunning dwellings, but there were also the ones with stone lions out front, gingerbread &amp; many other things that honey boo boo's family would prefer. there's no accounting for taste, and i prefer to share my space with those who, well, never mind. congrats, ty.  subaru is an excellent choice.  i believe it is literally safest line of vehicles (every single non-wrx model is best pick in iihs for number of years running).  wrx is not endorsed only because it is not "compatible" with the image and message of iihs, not because of any actual safety issues. wow, good thing it isn't a gm vehicle - there would be so many stop-sale orders and recalls issued against them that they'd be stacked up like cordwood on dealer lots waiting for parts to be tooled up and manufactured. but since it's a chrysler (or any non-gm brand), just let people drive them with wipers that won't turn off, flaky electronic circuitry, transmissions that won't shift, whatever. well, since we're going back to the bad old days, let's not forget that henry ford was a rabid anti-semitic and many jewish folks would never buy ford products because of his rantings. he would, however, take their money if they were foolish enough to offer it. imagine that today. interesting observation stick, considering how my day went.  i sat in and checked an a6 in the morning.  i went back with my wife for a test drive.  i like my wifes a4, it is sporty and fun.  the a6 is competant and handles well, but is very similar to my 535.  some things i like more on the a6, some on the 535.  i like the big windows, the long wide low hood on the 535, the gps built in to the instrument panel, and the faster response.  i like the way the seats are higher in the a6 and the steering is a little tighter. buying a new car should be exciting, but, i wasn't overwhelmed.  it seemed i was trading cars just to get a newer car with a warranty. on the way home we stopped at the mercedes dealer.  we both fell in love with the e350 which will become an e400 for 2015 and will have an all new larger engine..  the interior is so much nicer than the a6 and 535 and you can get it in a very light ivory color with lots of black for accent.  i can get a flat bottom steering wheel as a nextra.  it has lots of options, cameras front and back, lane change warning, lane warning, sunroof back and front.  i like white or there is a light gray color that is possible. i am really excited about the e350.  it will cost about 10% more than the other two, but it has a lot more.  the ride is smooth and solid.  no turbos, but it does have 300 hp and has lots of power. i hope they give me a good trade in allowance and 4% off on the new one. sounds good ty and i am glad you got the eyesight option.  i did the same with keyless entry and other options i don't need, but i wanted keyless entry.  it cost $4000, but,as i told the salesman, i get half back when i trade the car in and the car will be more desireable to the next buyer. good decision and suburus owners love their cars. it's like the cadillac commercial said a few years ago for the cts, your car should turn you on when you turn it on. get what you will enjoy each time you walk up to it, get in, and turn the key. that is true and i liked those cadillac commercials when i saw them - thought they were clever. that feeling is funny, you look at various cars, houses refrigerators (back to those again) tvs, etc., and then there is just something that seems so right, and you go for it. when i started out today i didn't think i would be considering a mercedes, but, from the moment we sat in it we knew it felt right. just please don't dig up pictures of mercedes catching fire though. this does make sense.  the distinction is probably no longer valid, but i see it be the case up to 70s.  today lincoln simply means old (money not necessary).  old money went german and japanese, but so did new money. ty, i test drove subes (well, i rode while my sil drove) last week.  the outback was very, very nice.  also took out a forester.  i loved the huge pano roof (i know, not your thing) but it definitely was more "trucky".  the outback was very smooth and comfortable. but, neither one had eyesight.  they did have a forester on the lot with it (premium, cloth, eyesight) but it was sold and we couldn't try that out. mike, the information is very helpful and much appreciated.  my salesman was a young fellow who is an assistant to the real salesman.  i didn't care when we started because i didn't think i would be buying another mercedes.  the young fellow was pretty good but i know some things he wasn't sure about.  this dealership is probably the most beautiful one in north america, i once posted a picture.  the cars in front of the showroom are sitting in a pool of water.  they have a nail salon, hairdresser, coffee shop...the floors in the garage you could eat off of. mike, i am thinking of trying for 4% off and close to book value for my trade in, around $32 to $34k, i have to check that out again.  if they aren't close, and they may be a no discount operation, i'll go out of town.  i am serious, and i don't mess around.  i'm a reasonable person, and i don't beat the dealership down, i want a fair price and i am actually an easy sale if they are fair to me. we are undecided between palladium silver and white but we have had a lot of white cars so it might be nice to change.  i like the idea of the turbos and the extra horsepower.  the car is the ultimate in luxury driving, everything about it is beautiful and enjoyable. i don't need, lane tracking and blind spot monitors, amg wheels, and premium package and some other stuff. i do need; er), lane tracking and blind spot monitors, e, keyless go w/hands free access, the e350 was a 4matic, i think all of them are in canada. i will need the car for when we drive to florida, around november 6th. if i can get a good deal i will pull the trigger.  when you come back any other information you have would be helpful.  i don't think my dealer has any info at this time, other than the 350 changing to 400. thanks again. one thing i liked about the mercedes and a6 is they don't have run flat tires!  the salesmen say a lot of people say that. now driver, maybe we've been over this before, but can you buy a car in fla and register it in fla &amp; just drive it in canada the 7 months a year you are there?  the cars are much cheaper here.  just curious (i think you said they won't do warranty work).  i kw you lov your 535i.  don't dump it just because the warranty is up &amp; you feel like you have to get something new... oh goodie, i got old money! just one question.... where did it all go? too much time on my hands. just saw a honda commercial where the narrator said "if a golf cart accelerates faster than that old car....." the "old car" was a 99 or 2000 ford contour. guess they never heard of svt. must be getting old.  find myself yelling at the tv all the time. nyc....cars are 20% cheaper in the us.  but, our dollar has sunk and is now worth 90 cents us so if i could buy a car in florida it would cost 10% less.  manufacturers have locked those sales.  they have told dealers in the states not to sell to canadians or they will lose their franchise.  warranties will not be honored, so it is just about impossible.  also, insurance and licenses are basically only good for 6 months...if you are away for longer you won't be covered. i love the 535 too, and i found the a6 to be a nice car, but, just not quite the same as the bmw, even though i like my wife's a4 more than a 328 or 335.  i really like the merc.  the bmw performs better and handles better, but the mercedes is really refined.  it is also the nicest interior by far.  if you get a chance take a look at the console and the instrument panel, seats, etc.  much better choices of colors and combinations with interior too. sight lines are great, large windows front, side and rear.  it is a smoother and quieter car than the 535, and it feels solid as a tank...in a good way. i am hoping the dealing goes smoothly...i don't want a hassle.  this is a very fancy dealership and their costs are huge.  last time we shopped mercedes you had to buy from the closest dealer...hope that's not true these days. i become attached to my cars and i love the 535 too.  but, i would rather trade now then trade later when the difference will be greater and i pour money into the 535...such as getting tires soon.  i may pay $3000 a year more to drive the new car but it will be under warranty and that means peace of mind which counts for a lot. that confirms my plan, so it is good to have confirmation.  my old bmw dealer did not believe in discounting, and i am hoping this mb dealer won't be like that. the salesman definitely said there won't be an e350...i would have to get an e400 with bi-turbos engine and 338 hp.  if the 350 stays that is ok with me.  sometimes lineups are different in canada and us, but i would think those mainstream models should be offered. we based pricing on a 2014 e350 since they don't have any 2015 info.  hope they don't go up much. the audi dealer told me an interesting thing.  if i bought a 2014 they could give me a really good price for cash.  since most people lease audis, they don't want to lease 2014s, so they deep discount them for cash. i would buy a car at the end of the year if i knew i was keeping it for 8 or more years, but not if i expect to trade in 3 or 4 years. i am going to see if there is more info on the net about 2015s.  i knew the audi was going to stay the same but the salesman thought they were getting a major change....i knew more than him.  we went out and found a 2015 on the lot...it was exactly the same. we may go today or tomorrow to try and wheel and deal....not looking forward to it, hope it's easy like ty's deal. rip robin williams.  the man was so funny yet so possessed by the demons of drugs and alcohol. imho, his single funniest bit is about how the scots came up with golf.  if you have never watched it, here it is but be warned - nsfw  <span class="videowrap">  <span class="video youtube" data-youtube="youtube-pcnfbccgto4?autoplay=1">   <span class="videopreview">   </span>   <span class="videoplayer">   </span>  </span> </span> driver, it is hard to imagine mercedes would eliminate the "entry" volume model.  to risky for lost sales.  but, they don't ask me first! driver, are you shopping a 2014 or 2015?  if a 2015 what makes you try for 4% off?  is this a new model or a continuation of and older design? i've been thinking about how state inspections used to be two times per year (pa and va) up until 1978 which changed to once yearly with production of better (safer) cars. then i started thinking about warranties. if i remember correctly a new vehicle warranty used to be 12 months or 12k miles when my driving career started way back in 1966. maybe someone with more than my 64 years can tell me when that increased. i recall chrysler shocking the market in the 70s with their 5/50 (?) so i have been following the developments for the c class, and very interested to see/drive the c 400 - the twin turbo 3.0 v6 sounds like a lot of fun.  in terms of the e class my understanding is there is a 4.0 v8 in the works - twin turbo for amg duty, but i wonder if they will have a slightly de-tuned version for the e 5xx?  i can't imagine that they will only have the e 400 and the amg e? either ways the early reviews of the c class that i have read are raving about the car.  hope they are true. i did some research online about the 2015 and 2016 mercedes e class.  it seems there will be a major change in style and body and interior for the 2016 model year.  for 2015, the body and interior remains the same, but they are deleting the e550 and replacing it with the e400 (3.0 l v6 twin turbo). if you go ahead and order one (about 6-7 weeks before delivery) and want that palladium silver (light gray), you may want to consider the light gray interior - very light like the almond, but a much better match for the interior.  i don't get the light gray interior because it is too light and shows the soiling down in florida when you perspire.  that's why i get the black interior with the light gray exterior. i know i can get a new 2015 e400 for $500 over invoice "less" whatever usaa is allowing (usually $2000 off for a new model) less $500 for my mercedes benz club of america fleet discount.  so i would pay a net of $2000 under invoice which is a good deal considering the car is a new entry with the new engine. i would think that if you order exactly what you want you could get what you want for your car and the price you want off sticker.  since you don't want some of the extras, which most dealers order for their inventories, you will probably have to custom order it to keep the pricing within reason. whatever you do, good luck. <strong>  update on my son's condition </strong> whatever the tumor is (benign or malignant), it is having a very negative effect on him.  he gets dizzy spells, headaches and his memory is beginning to fail him from time to time.  since the doctor he is seeing is an oncologist, that is the ominous aspect of this.  he is being referred to a neurological surgeon and will see him next week.  that's when we will find out if the tumor is operable and, if not, what they can do for him. i'll try to post more to keep my mind off things out here. in 1974 it was 12/12 for chrysler. man, if the lords of the ccba see this post, bradd, you will be banished!!! chrysler was the first to start with more lengthy warranties. i found this summary in an article about 1960s chrysler president lynn townsend "in 1962, the chrysler president introduced the first warranty among domestic manufacturers that covered the engine, transmission, and rear axle for five years or 50,000 miles. in 1960, ford had lengthened its coverage to one year or 12,000 miles. prior to that, automakers warrantied their major components for just three months or 4,000 miles. chrysler’s announcement resulted in ford and general motors increasing their warranties to two years or 24,000 miles. chrysler was steadily gaining in market share, however, and in 1966, ford and gm went to 5/50,000 as well." those were still powertrain warranties though, so they didn't cover much. it took a while for the manufacturers to move away from the 12/12000 bumper to bumper warranty. i wrote and asked my sales rep....er, i guess consultant, and this was what he said about 2014 and 2015. yes, the us has different models for the e-class.   in canada, the e350 is being replaced with the e400.   we are continuing to offer the e550 v8 model in canada for 2015 – where the us is not. there is still the entry model e300, 4 cylinder with 240 hp.  i think that will be disappointing, kind of like the 528.  it is too big a car and loses it's punch and zip at theat power. of, i am going to order a 2015.  the car was redesigned for 2014.  535 and a6 won't get a redesign until 2016. the 4% off is the principle that the dealer makes 8%.  4% seems fair to me, i may want to keep the dealer in business in case of oil changes etc.  but, i don't want to pay full price, though my first bmw dealer always charged full msrp.  i think they have a different business model, sell fewer cars but make full profit on each.  the bmw dealer is in an affluent area and people won't drive for 30 minutes to save a few $1000s.  this is the fanciest dealership in north america so may charge full price.  apparently you can buy at any dealer now, so i'll go to another dealer if they don't come through for me.  i'll order it and i should have it by october before the florida run. the cars in front are in a wading pool what?!  let someone else drive my new car?  i certainly hope you don't hug your family with those filthy typing fingers kidding, of course. it does bring up an interesting point.  i'm in the business of accuracy, very fine accuracy of what's in air, water, and other fluids.  the instruments we build must be calibrated and regularly checked against a performance standard.  how do you confirm an auto-brake system?  you can simulate conditions, but can you realistically very confirm the system is real-world operational after it leaves the factory?  i guess it's the same with air bags.  you don't know they work until you need them most. this is the way the salesman told it; yes, the us has different models for the e-class. in canada, the e350 is being replaced with the e400. we are continuing to offer the e550 v8 model in canada for 2015 – where the us is not. i really like the c class too.  when i got my 2012 bmw, 535, i looked at 2011 c class and e class, and i was not impressed.  the makeover last year has really changed these cars.  unless the extra steering and handling response in the bmw and audi are more important to you, you have to check the mercedes.  the interiors are so elegant.  i wouldn't say it doesn't handle as well, it is just different.  i can see each of those cars has a slightly differnt market...bmw being more about handling and engine performance, mercedes being more luxurious and solid, very refined, and audi  is a mixture - half and half.  i guess i am getting older or more mature (doubt that), but i am appreciating the refinement of the mercedes. i said to my wife this morning i would be content with a c class.  but, she is big on safety, and if it wasn't for the trip to florida there and back we could probably get by with a c.  if you are in the showroom check out the e though. yes, the color we are leaning toward is palladium silver, which is more gray than silver to me.  we will go with the light i call it ivory color seats with lots of black accent colors.  it is almost white, but could be light gray or very light beige, depending on your ability to read colors. you have probably read the explanation i got between the 350, 400 and 550 for now...looks like we were both right. we have an appointment with the real sales guy for this evening.  this will be tough, they will want full price and may go low on my trade.  i hear there are other dealers worth trying, one is 30 minutes and one is about 50 minutes away.  the one 50 minutes away gives good deals i hear, because if they get a customer it is one they wouldn't have had normally. i am sure i will have to special order.  they do have a 2014 350 in the showroom, exactly the way i want it, but getting a next years model has worked for us for our last 4 cars....i like doing it that way. who is ccba? <em>  automakers warrantied their major components for just three months or 4,000 miles </em> i thought it was less than the 3/36 bumper to bumper we have today. and i forgot about it being powertrain only. thanks for that research, ab348. driver would be broke in short order replacing perfectly good cars if  warranties were only 4k miles. this must be very hard on you....waiting is difficult.  we are here for you.....write as much as you want, that will help for sure. we are hoping for the best possible news. we have a support group called ccba chronic car buyer's anonymous.  come check us out. very interesting stuff ab.  bmws 4 year bumper to bumper must have been a game changer to some degree.  audi and mb are matching it, though they give you the option for oil changes. hyundai and kia 10 yr 100k mile warranties are also game changers.  you'd think a $30k car should be warrantied for at least 3 years...hard to imagine 1 year 12k miles, even though that was the norm. driver, you're pushing 12k posts.  are they all on this board?  where else might we go to watch you hold forth? warning  this is not like aa or na where they help you overcome your addictions.  they're enablers, i tell ya. i caught part of a story on cnbc today about tesla's not being rated so highly by cr. i don't know if the one fellow talking about tesla's problems was shill for cr or if he was from somewhere else. the tone of the business folks talking was that tesla has to come pick up the car and leave a loaner. it sounded like the business channel folks, who usually are enamored of the expensive teslas, weren't quite as enthusiastic and were questioning tesla's being able to continue to service their problem vehicles with this business model. "our car has now been driven at some length by many staff members, many of whom aren’t involved in car testing. car nut or not, ev fan or not, everyone has raved about this car, impressed with its smoothness, effortless glide, and clever, elegant simplicity. in that time, it’s also displayed a few quirks—some unique to tesla. for instance, we had a problem with the automatic-retracting door handles, which were occasionally reluctant to emerge from the coachwork so we could open the driver’s door. tesla fixed that with an over-the-air programming update beamed to the car." over the years i've disagreed with cr so many times about their car (and audio/home theater electronics) testing and reliability rankings that they no longer carry any credibility with me. that said, they do good work with appliances.  i do like them for that. &gt; clearly i am doing this quote thing wrong... anyway,  my 08 c 350 goes in for its annual check up at the end of the month, a "b" service this time.  i have hit 39,000 miles so time fora new car! hopefully i can peek at both an e and a 2015 c class for giggles. click my thumbnail, my current call is palladium silver metallic - i really like this color - and would buy it again. driver, i will bet the long shot, and predict that you are bringing home the 2014 350 tonight.  assuming they want to move it bad and make you an offer too good to refuse. plus, if you prefer the na engine instead of waiting on the 400 turbo, that is your option. i was thinking the same thing. since about the only change between the 2014 and the 2015 would be engine choices, why wait if you are offered a great deal on a 2014? well, you know those canadians move to the beat of their own drummer. i see. i was hoping it was the new model as i considering how i might buy the new mustang.  not a lot of info out there about price possibilities except to pay sticker. while i usually wouldn't consider trading i'm wondering if i might be able to get a break by asking for a higher trade-in on the eclipse.  it's a low mile cream puff so if they would give me close to private party value i might be willing to pay msrp. anyone ever try that? like a wise man once said, "the only difference, is the difference" but sure, go and ask for their best price to flip cars. ny is a trade in credit state, right?  so you get that benefit.  plus not having to deal with the kids and weirdos that would hit you up off a cl ad for an eclipse. i know you have a lot on your plate and my thoughts, good vibes and even a prayer are on the way to you. this can't be easy but hopefully a solution and good news are in the near future. they are all right here....for your enjoyment only. first, i don't have much time.....will write more later.  i did buy the 2015 e400 tonight.  switched to diamond silver metalic at the last minute.  it is a new color and it is slightly deeper silver with a hint of blue.  crystal gray (ivory) interior with black accents.  wood steering wheel flat on the bottom. they gave me right on what i was hoping for with trade.  no hassle.  i said i am glad you didn't undercut, they were fair.  he ran down the price and i said you forgot about my 10% discount.  we laughed and i said bmw and audi give us 4% off.  he said that's good, you got a car. i don't like getting a 2014 when the 2015s are coming out because i trade in 3 or max 4 years.  what i save now i will more than pay for later...depreciation will be more than $4k and won't have the latest features....which are extensive these days. you have good insight.  i didn't bring home the 2014 but i will be getting a 2015, build them in september and should arrive mid october. i agree 100%. their audio/ht opinions are just about useless. ranking cerwin vega speakers over klipsch or polk? might as well buy a bose... congrats driver.  the mb sounds like a great car and i hope you and your wife thoroughly enjoy every minute of ownership. congratulations! i love those cars and yours sounds very close to what i would have picked, especially the interior choice. can't wait to see a picture! &gt; rb....i always wondered how cr came up with their home audio/video criteria.  what are these guys listening to?  and how are they listening to it?  how are they setting up their systems? driver.....'gratz on the new wheels.  sounds really nice! thanks ty, ab and mike.  btw, we did a last minute switch to diamond silver metalic mike which is a color unique to mercedes and is a little different, hard choice between that and paladium silver.  i always wanted a flat bottom steering wheel. dash is all black with dark wood.  door panels have black below the window and along the bottom.  this color should be pretty close for the crystal grey color. the salesman thinks the v8 won't be available in the us to keep the gas mileage averages lower. thanks again for your kind comments...much appreciated. not sure if this will work but this is diamond silver metalic; this is palladium silver for the record we liked them both, and i still like white, but the diamond color is not as common-yet! this doesn't do it justice but gives an idea of crystal grey interior with black trim beats me. i'm not one of those audio/ht enthusiasts who champions $1000 power cords and $2000 cabling, but cr errs just as bad in the opposite direction. i think of the old cb phrase- maybe they have peanut butter in their ears... congrats on the m-b, driver. sounds like it will fit your need perfectly. driver, very sharp looking.  i like it.  per mike, great mpg too.  if i was looking to get something in this class it would get serious consideration. mazel-tov &amp; congrats !  i think you are really going to love the mercedes.  mbs really shine on the open road.  i can't wait to hear your initial impressions, then how it does on your 1st florida trip. holy smokes, i go over to ccba for a minute and driver buys a car! congrats, that looks like a nice one. thanks rb, stick, of.....it all happened so fast i still have shell shock.  on monday i took the audi a6 out for a spin.  it was a fine car but i liked my 535 a bit more.  i think i like big windows because it lets light in and makes it brighter inside.  our house has huge big windows everywhere...unfortunately i can see my neighbor swimming in his pool...but our trees are almost covering him now. we checked the mercedes later monday afternoon and we both said it is perfect.  i was out all day wednesday but we made an appointment for tuesday evening.  we sat down, ran through the option list, looked at colors, they were right on with the trade-in allowance (really good to know what that should be before negotiating), and no balking at 4% off and by then i couldn't get out of it if i wanted to. i am excited about this one.  i'll miss the 535 but i am sure i'll like the merc even more. &gt; congrats *driver on your purchase. a 2015 e-400? that is some serious german metal. just out of curiosity, to which domestic or foreign model does it most closely compare? don't know how these car salesmen do it but they are so clever when it comes to closing a sale. i can't remember where i read or saw it, but a salesman once said the more knowledgeable the buyer appear to be about cars, the easier the sale. he said the art was in stroking the buyer's ego to make him feel that he is driving away with a great deal. by the way, did you get to looking at the jaguar or is that now water under the bridge? thanks for the good wishes bwia.  all the salesmen i met were very professional, answered questions honestly and fairly, didn't run down the competition at all.  in fact i wrote to the audi salesman and said we decided to go with the old man's car...a mercedes.  he wrote back and said it isn't an old mans car at all these days and enjoy it.  he even said at the time, you are doing the right thing by looking around, all the cars i had on my list, bmw 535, a6, jaguar, cts, e-class were excellent cars, each is a little different and one will suit you more than the others.  he said he could show me what the a6 has, but, i was doing the best thing by checking them all out. i liked his opinion and he said the jaguar is a great value...you get a v8 and you will probably save $8 to $10k.  but, you will miss the german feel of the car.  he said the cadillac was a tremendous bargain, it will have more extras than anyone can imagine and i would save $10 to $15k....but, it just won't feel the same. i wasn't excited by the a6 as it was almost the same as the 535, some things better, some things not as good, but overall the same.  i didn't want another 535 though i love it because it would be like driving the same car.  i already got my favorite colors, so i wouldn't like it as much. when we sat in the mercedes we both loved it, and there wasn't any point in looking more.  i could have, but i didn't.  besides, you get worn down, they do that to you so you will be too tired to look further. i said to the mercedes salesman, that was easy.  you came up right away with the right trade in number, and no hesitation on 4% off why wouldn't i just go for it.  no fooling around taking off money on the trade because it will be 2 months older with more kmiles on it.  the last bmw dealer deducted a few hundred $s for that and i had to promise not to go over a certain mileage - hate that stuff.  they tried to sell me window tinting which i have never had and don't really want, and they wanted $600 for plastic coating on the front end.  i think i paid under $300 at a nearby acura dealer who did my 535 so i'll see what they estimate. the salesman did say he didn't like people who didn't know what they were doing and just go on about price.  i think they know if you give a few hints you are knowledgeable and are reasonable they will want you as a customer.  i didn't tell them what i expected for the trade-in....i was testing them to see if they would come up with a good number or try to go lower.  if they went lower i would have given them a hard time and would have held out for a much larger discount.  he said, we won over a new customer to mercedes, we got a good trade in, we are all happy. i wanted to try the jag but we both liked the merc, we aren't impulsive buyers, but, we don't mess around.  we liked it, i feel confident about the name, no use second guessing.  also, because of the big drive to florida and back i like the fact there are lots of dealers around just in case. cars it compares to, a6, 535, less directly but close jag, cadillac, and lexus.  it has the feel of the road but more refined than the a6 or 535.  i think the real driving enthusiast would still prefer those cars and i can see why.  the e400 has very stiff steering, but the car feels solid, like it weighs 4x what it does. driver, i need to follow along in your wake. you toss aside better cars than anything i've ever driven like an old pair of socks. congrats to the move to mercedes benz. thanks mako.  whoever buys the 535 is getting an excellent car.  it is like new.  i sometimes feel like keeping one of these cars for 20 years because they get better with age in some ways. i go buy an early 1990 bmw most days and it looks gorgeous. i find it is easier to manage my money by buying a new car every few years.  it isn't the thriftiest plan, it is like forced savings.  my son in law drives his cars until they no longer go.  he misses meetings, his car gets tied up in the garage, warning lights are on that he ignores etc.  then he gets sticker shock when it is worth nothing and he has to buy a new car with no trade - in. i am kind of disciplined, but like to make things as easy and simple as possible...this works for me. on cars, cr seems to put more emphasis on room in the trunk and whether or not it has a high lift-over than they do on how a car drives. &gt; congrats driver, you certainly bought yourself a fine car and i know you will love it. i have owned a couple of mercedes over the years and they both served me well. i am curious if the diesel model is available in canada? that pretty much sums it up. while i don't expect everyone to "get it", those of us who lean more towards being miscreants, who light up the tires every once in awhile, who pass on the left side, because the middle lane is too slow doing 80 mph, because we take a corner at speeds higher than the speed limit (while dropping down a couple of gears so we can come out of the corner faster), etc.....we're obviously not cr's target demographic. rb.....btw....i see the prices of 4k tvs dropping like stones.  are you tempted (cause i am)? speaking of a "flat bottomed steering wheel, my father had one of these when i was a kid.  came on a 1961 plymouth fury. chronic car buyers anonymous board.  advising someone to hold onto a car rather than buy a new one=heresy! i just bought a top of the line samsung plasma tv, tax free weekend coming up here in ma.  like the jag, you just don't see plasmas as much as lcd/leds.  there's that quirk of mine again..  but, great, true color picture, no motion blur, good on reflections and angled viewing and it's a smart tv.  wicked smaht. of course, like my xk, i'm sure i'll miss my 32" sony trinitron tube tv! all the customers i've seen this week hate said they hate tax free weekend.  their customers (consumers/plumbers/designers) slow down ordering for a couple a weeks and all come in this week to set up the those orders so they get billed over the weekend. thanks houdini.  it seems diesels make up only about 3% of the total car market in canada and the us.  diesel fuel is much more available in canada, almost every station has it.  in europe diesel fueled cars make up over 50% of the market. mercedes has a lot of diesel models they are pushing.  i am slow to change and i like the tried and tested technology.  the salesman said diesels are good, but they are slower. i think as mileage gets more important, diesel growth will happen.  they expect sales to be at 10 to 15% within a few years. if we held onto our cars too long the economy would sink...i am just doing my part. geeze, driver.  between the speed of an unexpected purchase and a mercedes i thought that was mike talking. mike, hang in there for yourself and all concerned.  here when you need us. in case i hadn't mentioned it i've been through six weeks or maybe two months of platelets dropping.  we did our whole vacation dealing with that which does exhaust one.  the last week or so i found myself feeling better and having a feeling of actually healing.  go to sloan on monday and my platelets had shot up 17,000 points.  almost makes them to where they were before the episode.  slow and steady once again. so what's up with orange cars?  the kid across the street bought a used orange gti.  took a couple of weeks trying to decide if i liked it or hated it.  i ended up liking it but my wife thinks it's hideous. today, driving back from pt what come up but an extremely orange dodge dart.  i took a minute but i kind of liked it but would never, ever buy in that color! my buddy had an orange porsche 914 back in the early 70s.  that i like a lot. well done, you are a fine upstanding citizen! as i earlier noted, my xf is now over 7k miles and 7.5 months old=long in the tooth.  but, since the bmw i8 and mb s coupe are not out yet, i'll hold on a bit longer!  oh, yeah.  can anyone give me $120k to buy one?  no?  ok, jag and i shall remain buddies a bit longer. and, another thought on the jag re  infotainment system.  many of the reviews knock jag for it's old, sometimes clunky system.  in fact, that is oftentimes the biggest complaint.  but, you know what?  it works.  and it's fairly simple.  granted, not as slick/modern as idrive or audi mmi.  and, i don't think touchscreen is the answer, a controller may be better.  but, it works. let's see what comes with the xe...  certain models seem to be able to pull off orange as a paint color. the old 914 was one. the gti from 5-7 years ago had an orange that i thought looked good. but i have seen those orange darts and they do not do it for me. back in the early '70s, mopar had a burnt orange metallic that was a beautiful color. and of course the camaro back then came with orange both inside and out! i see the new 2015 mustang is offering competition orange as a paint choice. and, you can use it to help heat the house.  it's a win-win. yes, the tv matches my heart, warm. samsung 8500 series?  i've got two panasonic plasmas and a pioneer kuro plasma..  one panasonic is the gt series, and the other the vt series (which were the last plasmas they made).  none of the lcd/led can touch any of my plasmas for picture quality.  plasma is the only way to go for the best picture quality. that samsung is nice.....very nice. the only reason there are so few plasmas is because they cost a lot more to make than the lcd/led panels..  plasma is still the better technology. then again, tell sony about that.  they already went down that road with beta. lol.  i am riding in mikes wave. good news about the platelets.  one friend he said he likes the mercedes in chocolate brown.  i said the same as you about orange......i like it too, but you won't find me owning one.  i think i would get tired of it. i did see a lime green mustang on the road.  that's one that would have to be deep discounted for me to consider, like maybe half price. i did see 3 camry drivers who were driving extremely slow.  1 had a kayak and another had a canoe on their roof.  one was just slow.  i wonder if there is a connection between camry.....outdoorsy.......and slow. just a thought - contact sloan and ask a bit. they do have bid endowments and know their way around insurances. can't promise a thing but it can't hurt to ask. had my computer guy in today. his daughter has something that could be as serious as leukemia and none of the other possibilities are great. she's 7.  i have to reach out to him.  great guy, insanely good with computers and very reasonably priced. has big time hearing issues with some serious hearing issues he was born with but with hearing aids far beyond anything i'll ever need help him con converse pretty well. chatty even. this two part post brought to you by ipad.. hey , guess i'm going to miss you. heading south over da bridge on the 22nd of this month and it'll be a while before we get back to the up for a visit. you could do way worse than loma linda.  top notch. steve - i can't believe we missed you while up there.  chalk it up to the platelet issue.  my head wasn't fully functional (not that it ever is).  we did the soo locks (at least my sixth trip) and rode up the coast of lake superior as far as wawa, on.  doing the circle tour of lake superior has been on my bucket list long before there such a term - also before they had a formal, marked circle tour.  i'd get a touch distracted because there are so many peninsulas that technically aren't on the tour but i'd like to check out. turns out there are marked circle tours of all 5 great lakes.  maybe i'll use lake michigan as my warm up..... i wasn't even sure you got up here - we just got back from two weeks in va and tn and finally managed to get over to mackinac island for a half day on that trip. chances are we weren't even here.   there's always nm. what come up but an extremely orange dodge dart. the dart looks good in that orange. don't know that i'd buy one, but they are nice to look at. my feelings exactly. i found it nice to look at but  would be more likely to buy a used kia accent than that. not yet; i'm still very happy with my 2008 kuro elite. i'm waiting for prices to drop a bit more along with the availability of 4k content. and i want to see a few oled sets... that's a good sign...things are going in the right direction.  good news! about camry's, i guess we are profiling, but, i am sure certain makes draw certain buyers. when i am following someone i can't see steering i know i am going to have a problem..., just using defensive driving. first, i would rather use a laptop or desktop over a tablet anytime.  i think they were invented as a weapon of torture for human beings. i give so much credit with people who have a handicap but never complain, and have happy productive lives. we have friends who are in wheelchairs....they are a couple.  she has been a doctor and he sells insurance.  they meet us at restaurants or at home.  they fly or drive back and forth to their place in florida.  they do a lot of volunteer work.  they never complain and get more out of life than a lot of people without any disadvantages.  they adopted two children.  when i hear someone complain i think they should watch these people. on a car note he found a car he can drive (besides their large van).  he got an older monte carlo with the largest door possible.  he can get the wheelchair into the back and still get into the car. of, were you having a problem finding pictures of a 2015 mustang?  just google "image 2015 ford mustang" here is one pix, but there are lots; even pricing info at edmunds thanks, but it wasn't pictures i was looking for it was actual road tests and reviews. i want to see one in person too.  seem to be taking forever for them to arrive at dealers. those are nice pics though. if you get the feeling that used car prices are getting crazy, you're right. in 2006 i purchased a 2000 chrysler concorde with 61k miles from a dealer for $6850. today i see this cl ad. granted it's a two year newer model but it's twice as old as my 2000 was when i bought it for the same price with less milage. are we still feeling the reverberations from fewer new cars being sold during the recession? there is some good information about the 2015 mustang, but, it looks like no one has driven one who can write a review yet. the inside looks pretty nice too lots of good basic info at the friendly edmunds site; in the cons it reminded me of a cr review.  cramped rear seat.....well, if you are buying a mustang did you expect it to be like a limo inside? pros wide range of engine options; new rear suspension promises better handling and ride dynamics; more refined interior. cons no lighter than before; cramped rear seat. what's new for 2015 the ford mustang has been fully redesigned for 2015. unfortunately, i can't arrange for one to come to your house so you can see it in person i was at my dealers yesterday for an oil change and was talking to my sales guy. he was on his computer looking at auctions and was complaining about how much money the used cars were going for. he said he bid on 22 vehicles and only got 4 of them. kirstie, kyfdx, steve.... just a quick note, i use yahoo as my browser.  not every time, but most times when i put edmunds into the search bar, yahoo reports back that "edmunds" is not an authorized yahoo web site and to enter at my own risk. probably some certificate thing that i'm not aware of, but thought you're web people would like to know what yahoo is saying about you guys. i'm such a tattle tale...... i'm not sure what the yahoo browser is (is that like the old excite.com site?). if you go to yahoo.com and type edmunds or edmunds.com in their search bar, it seems fine here, at least in chrome or ie11.. you may want to try clearing your browser cache and see if that affects it. anyone else? that's a browser i had to look up. learn something here everyday (sometimes more). it's axis by name and for ipads and iphones but also for ch/ie/ff/safari via a plug in. interesting. , are you getting here on a desktop, tablet or phone? actually it may be best if you report this via the help link and put all those kinds of details in there. that way the issue will find its way to the right it section faster. thanks. back in 2011 or thereabouts, i was shopping for a used car.  at the mercury dealer, i had picked out a 2010 grand marquis with about 25k miles, advertised online for $16,900.  the salesman and i were negotiating, i offered $16,900 out the door (to include tt&amp;l), which would have made the actual price around $15,700.  i had received a preliminary agreement, and was waiting to go to the finance office to pay out. in walks the used car sales manager, who had just that minute came back from an auction.  he said that cars similar to the one i was trying to buy were going at auction for $17,500, and i absolutely could not have the car at the already agreed on price of $15,700.  he did agree to sell it to me at the advertised price, but i was a little miffed about them backing out of the deal, so i declined. and before you ask, no, i really don’t think it was a gimmick to try and raise the price on me.  the sales manager seemed genuinely confused, confounded, perplexed and mystified by the way used car prices were escalating.  it it was acting, he should have earned an academy award. changing that profile picture is no surprise to me.  you're always so considerate and thoughtful of others. richard my nephew purchased a new grand cherokee last year in dubai when he moved there to work.  he and his wife are not happy campers.  they complain about the lack of comfort and the rough ride.  there have also been some electrical issues.  i owned one back in the 90s and liked it.  you do get that "feel of the road" that i don't care for myself.  that is why i traded it for a tahoe earlier than i would have normally. richard congratulations on your new purchase.  you did some great research and put much thought into this important decision.  we have some friends who own a 2012 outback.  they love their car.  from what i've heard, you made an excellent choice. richard dino, i so agree with you about the bakery business in main line grocery stores.  that stuff is beyond awful!  my wife and i usually bake our own cakes and pies handed down by family and friends.  i do have a neighbor who runs a bakery and catering business.  his pastries are delicious and even his pies are excellent.  he makes a divine lemon pie, as well as a wonderful coconut pie.  as for the grocery stores, no thank you when it comes to baked goods. richard i see that you finally have a chance to try out the cadillac.  please do so.  you may very well enjoy the experience.  now that the truck is out of the picture, we're considering the smaller lincoln and/or cadillac, along with the honda pilot.  we need to make a decision soon because the convertible will sell better during the hot weather.  it's funny how that goes.  people with convertibles know that they are most enjoyable during cooler seasons.  those who haven't owned one often think that the summer is the time to enjoy a convertible.  they just don't know!  enjoy your car hunting. richard i detest that commercial because of the egyptian and african conotations.  it smacks at the idea that only those of darker complexion would, could, or care to drive an escalade.  that is so untrue.  it's like driver's comment about the old, white fat man with a cigar driving the cadillac.  people of all races, genders, and economic levels drive cadillacs.  some drive new ones and some drive old ones.  people drive what they like, what they want, and what makes them feel good.  there's nothing wrong with that.  what's wrong is that we pigeon hole both cars and people.  one of my bosses used to say that perception is reality.  though that may be true, it's a shame that we don't perceive reality to be the real truth. richard when i awoke this morning at 600 pdt, i emailed my mercedes dealer and asked if he would kindly email me back a copy of the 2015 e400 they ordered for me along with a copy of the ordering guide for the e400.  i just received all the info from him. i do not know if there are major differences between the u.s. bound e400's and the canadian bound e400's, but if you have any quesitons about "standard" and optional equipment and u.s. pricing, i'd be more than happy to oblige.  i know the car they ordered is due to be built on september 12th and is due to arrive at the dealership about 5 weeks later.  the msrp on the car is $69,990.00 including transportation.  i know you got the 4-matic, which is usually about $2500 more than the rear wheel drive version. i saw the color you ordered, "diamond silver metallic", a year or so ago on one of the cars he had in inventiory.  yes, it has just a hint of blue in the hue, but mostly silver - excellent choice.  i just prefer the light gray. it would appear that you got a great price, driver - getting 4% off msrp on a brand new model is not an easy task - and you will be one of the first to own a 2015 in canada, that's for sure.  most dealers do not budge on cars when they first arrive as a new model.  that new engine should be great - improved economy with 26 more horsepower - how good it that?  i have a twin turbo on my current car and there is no lag or hesitation at all when "kicking" it down. when you get your new car, you should join the mercedes benz club of canada.  in canada, after 1 year full membership, you can print out a coupon for $1000 off on your next mercedes.  here in the u.s., it's only $500. will do.  it's a problem with ios as well as osx 10.9.4. thanks, i see certificate errors now and then on my desktop but have never seen that on the ipad. but i only surf with it using safari. just checked a phone number that came in. it's a telemarketer. so i noticed a link to this on the scam numbers page hilarious. here's another! i think the intent of that commercial was to flatter those of a certain complexion which made it pretty tasteless to say the least.  i think they call that targeted marketing. no pope mobile but... would you believe when the pope arrived in south korea today his conveyance of choice was a kia soul? koreans who are so status conscious could not believe their eyes, that the eminence would ride in a soul. (pun not intended) well, it was not a stunt, as the pope is a genuinely humble man. at the vatican he runs around in a ford focus, what humility. i know he took a vow of poverty but there ought to be limits placed on modesty and humility. would anyone care to speculate what the pope would ride in when he visits the u.s. or canada?  an escalade perhaps? i think not. yes, gg, the 8500.  i was going to buy a panasonic vt, but poof!  they went away... shopping for a stand for the darlin'.  the one i picked out, made (in the usa!) from reclaimed wood  with drawers, side cabinets, covered wire management holes and a unique finish (the beginning of my "eclectic" furniture collection!), well, i guess i have good taste.  not available until halloween!  so, do i wait, maybe buy an ikea interim thing or move on...  first world problems continue to haunt me. the true picture of the plasma, rich blacks, along with the motion representation sold me.  i watched a baseball game, side by side, plasma and 4k led.  grounder to short, shortstop scoops, throws and... for a second there are two baseballs on their way to first on the led!  not so on the plasma.  tax free weekend in ma, so a bit of a savings there. how nice---another grand marquis fan!  i always loved those cars but it never worked out that i bought one. richard thanks richard.  i hope you're doing well and enjoying your new position in the museum. we just received our vehicle order number from subaru with a delivery estimate of early october.  that'll be perfect timing with temperatures just warm enough to apply the opti-coat 2.0 paint protection before we have the clear film installed.  since we're not in a hurry to sell the van, we'll just patiently wait to list it on craigslist until the new subie is received and all the paint protection installed.  winters are brutal on paint and windshields here. to mike and fezo  thinking about you both and keeping you in my prayers. richard i had good intentions but i never actually made it to the caddie dealer, the jag dealer, or the bmw dealer.  i guess you haven't caught up in all the posts yet or you would know. btw...nice to have you back for now. i did try the a6, and when we got to the mercedes dealer, which we thought was a long shot to begin with, we were surprised to find it was exactly what we were looking for.  you know when you put a suit on and it just feels right...little things that are hard to explain. i like large windows to get a sense of light, seats go high to get a high position, the feel of the road but a little softer ride, elegant with styling that is to our taste. i could have kept looking, and at one time i would have tried them all, but, i really don't think i could find a car that suited us.  i think the fact we moved quickly helped us get the good deal too....the salesman had us before we could change our mind. driver, congratulations on a beautiful purchase.  i know that you will enjoy it.  it's a fine automobile. richard now that you mention it, he ran down the price and options, and subtracted the trade, added in extras.  he gave me what i was hoping to get for the trade in, and then i said, well if you can take 4% off which bmw and audi did for us in the past, you will have sold a car.  he hesitated, and then he said i can do that. like i just wrote to richard, i think he sensed i wasn't there to b.s., he had me in the showroom ready to sign, and if he messed it up at that point they could lose the sale.  there's another dealer 20 minutes away. that $69990 price is interesting.  mine was based on a 2014 e350, but will stay at 4% off whatever the price happens to me.  the e350 was $66800 and they all have awd here. they can hold out for full msrp on a new one, but, i would just shop until i found a dealer who will give me the discount.....might not find one but i think someone would rather make 4% and get the service work than get nothing - besides, it was a very easy sale from someone ready to buy. richard - the other thing people don't realize about convertibles is that some of the best rides in them are at night.  nothing against the sun - it's my favorite star - but rides under the stars are great. today i had the great misfortune to see a jeep wrangler in that same orange as that dart.  talk about eyeslaughter.  fortunately on my way home it was on my blind side.  i was never so grateful for the mostly useless eye. thanks richard.  i asked the audi salesman about the cadillac cts and he said it is a great car, it will have more gadgets on it than you will know ever existed.  he said it is a great car and you will save $10 to $15k, but, it just won't feel quite the same.  depends on how important that is. all the other things he said seemed to be true, so i believed him.  still, i would have liked the chance to try the caddie and jag, but a bird in the hand.............. the packages are different here.  i got the premium pkge but that gives me blind spot, lane track, choice of wood or aluminum trim, harmon kardon sound and surround camera i think. i can't get a copy of the options, only the dealer has it.  i also got the wooden steering wheel with a flat bottom.  i don't need a car that stops when the cruise is on, or that parks itself, etc. i'll know more when they publish the actual list. no problem, i appreciate the help.  you helped sort out the 400/550 situation.  i also feel good that you think i did well getting the 4% off.  they gave in fairly easily so i wondered if i should have tried for 5% or 6% off.  i am happy with 4 and i think i am satisfied. i know you loved your mercedes and so that gave me a lot of confidence in the product. all help is useful and appreciated. _ i also got the wooden steering wheel _ top it off with this and be a real cool cat nothing like a knacker knob to dress up a new car what good is it if you don't have a bench seat imidazol97, thanks for the additional info. the message thing on my account might not be the best way to communicate though.  i was looking at the number next to that little icon for 4 days not knowing it meant someone sent me a message. top it off with this and be a real cool cat that brings back memories.  when i was a kid, my friends father had one of those on his 54 ford.  when he came home he would turn a sharp right onto our street, all using "the knob", then he lived in the 2nd house on the left and he would crank the steering wheel to the left to drive into the driveway.....all in one motion, all at full speed. that friend has become a major judge who gets some of the biggest criminal cases, he isn't the friend who killed two people.  murdered one girlfriend and killed a passenger in his car while driving dui. this has to be some sort of record. talk about the walking dead. hope you aren't considering that one...walking dead is probably right. my guess is he thought he could get a car for $1000 - found out it was too much to take on, decided to sell, ask $1200 and hope he gets his money back. it would make a nice bar for the backyard, or let your kids play taxi in it. he should have said, "lots of miles, but all highway". he should have said, "lots of miles, but all highway". driven only by a retired librarian to church and the grocery store. auto tech just thought i'd share this tidbit. panasonic which was once well known for its affordable tvs and cheap audio gear has raised the bar and is now a major player in the auto tech industry. i saw a recent tv commercial which prompted me to check out their their boastful tech know-how. it would appear that they have an impressive number of auto companies in their portfolio. ford and mylink, hyundai and uconnect, acura and els; and volkswagen and fender. still, they have plans to join forces with tesla to produce a new battery. which begs the question, why would an auto company try to develop its own telematics when it can partner with a tech company that already has that expertise and capability? by the way, jaguar and land rover vehicles were recalled due to a faulty passenger side airbag problem. isn't ford the jag's airbag supplier? last i looked panasonic was going out of regular consumer products all together and getting into things like what you describe.  a business service company. a shame to me because their consumer products were very good to spectacular. those were called "suicide knobs" for a couple of reasons. they would sometimes break off while in a tight turn or they would get caught in a person's shirt sleeve. they are common on semi trucks.  they use metal heavy duty units with ball bearings. oldfarmer, found your mustang. don't know why, but katy, tx has always been the first town to get the newest mustangs. price $42,400 wonder if they give a 4% discount! sure....in a former taxi cab. sweet! but $42k? that's too rich for me.  the way i configure a basic gt on the ford site comes out to $35,500. good news is that today while at my credit union i sat down with their auto loan person to see what kind of rates i could expect.  i was pleasantly surprised to find my credit score (experian) was back up to 806 and i can get financing for as little as 1.74%. one step closer. <em>  sweet! but $42k? that's too rich for me. </em> olfarmer, my 2013 was $37 something without nav, but i gotta tell you i think those 20 inch wheels look tacky. i would pass on an even trade for that one. those might not even be the wheels that come with the car.  did you notice the caption "pre production image shown"? speaking of ford, yet another recall on the escape, and also the focus st. from automotive news detroit -- ford motor co. has issued its 11th recall on the 2013 escape crossover, this time because a wiring problem could cause the engine to hesitate or stall. the recall covers 159,395 escapes and focus st hatchbacks from the 2013 and 2014 model years with turbocharged 2.0-liter engines in north america. ford said the engine wiring harnesses may have “splices that were insufficiently compressed during the supplier manufacturing process,” which can affect engine performance by sending incorrect signals to the powertrain control module. the defect could result in problems including stalling, reduced engine power, hesitation or illumination of the engine-malfunction indicator light, ford said. no injuries or crashes are linked to the problem. dealers are being instructed to replace the wiring splices. flaws that other recalls on the escape have addressed include fluid leaks that could cause an engine fire, doors that can open while the vehicle is moving and rollover airbags that may not deploy quickly enough. , that's what ford gets for using a gm supplier(delphi). ignition switches might ring a bell. gm hasn't owned delphi in a decade. i don't think anyone put a gun to alan mulally's head to force him to use them regardless. how come we are now picking on ford?  i stopped driving a bmw because they catch on fire. i thought 11 recalls on a single vehicle was worthy of some kind of an award. speaking of ford, there was a good article about the 2015 lincoln mkc....how could anyone remember that name.  it was written by david booth, and says the mkc is just a tarted up escape, though there are some good things about it. btw...this is a good article to read to understand the concept of "feel of the road". here are some comments at random oh, to be sure, the push-button transmission thing is an arriviste’s attempt at class (not to mention a blatant rip-off of ford’s yesteryear) and i still find the sync system’s graphics a little cheap. buy into the ecoboost myth because ford’s turbocharging augments performance if you must, but only a fool would believe that you’ll also conserve gasoline. but the steering still feels more isolated than a north korean dictator. you know you’re in control because the horizon tilts less when you attack corners, but there’s so little feedback through the wheel that you don’t know whether the economy is really booming or you just ran over a scurry of innocent squirrels. as much as lincoln has balanced the ride and handling equation, driving the mkc still feels a little video-game-ish; your mind manages the direction through visual cues but there’s absolutely no tactile feedback. that said, it probably doesn’t matter much to the average crossover buyer; acura’s mdx feels equally disassociated and it has remained a best-seller for years. lincoln’s brand is so thoroughly tarnished that really good and solid are simply not strong enough adjectives to start getting people out of their audis. full article at; odd they have the car listed and have a vin but the ford dealer does not have this or any 2015 mustangs in their inventory. , @ driver100. have your fun, maybe there is some kind of climate change effect going on north of the border. we drove our 2013 escape with 2.0, 2500 miles last week and it's a great vehicle. but the mustangs are ok, right? huh? huh? i think the worst thing lincoln did was to abandon the traditional names for the letters.  i can't tell a mkc from a mkz or an mkx.  caddy does the same thing. when i heard eldorado or town car i could visualize a specific car.  now it's just alphabet soup. farmer, mustangs are fine.  since you are a senior make sure to get whitewall sand a vinyl roof. i think david booth liked the escape and he found many good things he liked about the mkc as well.  he didn't cut up the escape or mkc, and i can't give any opinion since i know nothin.  from what i know and see i like them both........but, both cars don't have "the feel of the road" many of us are looking for.  not a problem if you are one of the 80% of drivers who don't find that to be important. spokes would be nice too! i was wondering about that too.  i doubt if they have the car in stock since they haven't really shipped it seems.  my guess is she or he....whoever katey is, has ordered the car but hasn't actually got it yet.  maybe even testing the waters to see what he/she can get for it. the big three, or 2.5, still doesn't get it. when you tarnish or cheapen or debase a brand or product name, you can never restore it to former glory  (see cadillac, lincoln, imperial, packard, thunderbird). exception  mustang did make a comeback, but it was never a luxury or prestigious vehicle. don't laugh but when i bought the lincoln it had a couple of white walls still on it. i thought they kind of looked good. i might have completed the set if white walls weren't so rare these days. the vinyl roof however, is ugly as sin. i am planning on visiting the dealer wearing plaid pants pulled up to my chest just to confuse them. driver, katey is a town in texas. oh, thanx, i thought katey was the little old lady who owned the dealership. i was just looking at that picture of the mkc again and i was thinking, how did they find that particular field to park it.  they must have found an electical field grid that services half of the country....check behind the car. for some reason the domestics believe the alpha numeric nomenclature enhances the prestige of the brand but the opposite is true. that works for the g3 because it differentiates them as european brands and as such charged and received premium prices for their products. the d3 justified this branding approach arguing it is easier to emphasize the brand than the model thus creating a halo effect. no matter how mediocre a model it would benefit from the brand name.  yea right. ask acura about the legend to rlx debacle. by the way, cadillac has introduced a crest-less ats coupe to help pick up the sales slide in the ats four sedan which is down 21% this year. as a result they will, or have stopped production for three weeks to help dealers move their bloated inventories. good theory but not so sure it is completely correct.  hyundai came back after the pony and in particular old sonatas weren't very good. pretty successful now. gm tried bringing back the firenza.name, i think they were both disasters.   maybe that proves your point. i think ford could bring back the thunderbird and they could have a big hit on their hands.  luxury car market is growing, and people would probably love a 4 door, 4 seater, luxury type car.  then again, the people who bould want to buy it, won't be able to get in or out of it....especially the backseat. there are probably a few others that made it back.  cadillac certainly did, they are selling really well. interesting theory.  i think numbers or letters can sound more luxurious, but, they have to be the right combinations.  i always liked the galaxie xl.  it sounds like excel and is easy to remember.......mkc or mkz hmm, not so much.  i guess mk is supposed to stand for mark. you mentioned the ats sales being down this year.  cadillac sales are down a bit overall, but they are selling fewer fleet cars (not sure which company buys fleets of caddies besides mary kay) and more single sales. very interesting article at cnbc(even if it is left wing propoganda) ...and there is a refresh coming with the 2015 ats. i suspect some may be waiting for the new models. i was reading the wiki information about the ats. i note that it outsold cla and the a3. that has to be a positive indicator. was behind a black ats at a busy stop sign with windows down. the sound of that motor was exciting as that driver zipped out  between rush hour goin' home traffic and accelerated. cadillac has a continuing problem with their pricing; while the ats and cts are very competitive with their european counterparts the public perception of the cadillac brand has yet to reach that lofty pinnacle. the suits at cadillac reason "we're in the same ballpark as audi/bmw/m-b, we should be able to set our prices accordingly." unfortunately, the typical customer in that segment tends to think "why buy a cadillac when i can buy an audi/bmw/m-b for similar money?" we were in a somewhat similar position in 2005; buy a 16k mile cpo 2004 x3 with 84k miles and five years of warranty remaining or buy a new escape or xterra for the same money- or a new srx for a few grand <em>  more </em> . yeah, that was a tough call... the result is that cadillac has to offer big rebates or aggressive lease rates, etc., to move their product- thereby devaluing the prestige of brand to some extent. me, i'd price the cars where they would sell and still make a profit, and gradually build up the brand equity. unfortunately, the suits at gm(like most of the execs in the automobile industry) are much like the people i have dealt with in state and local government; their idea of long-range planning is deciding what they are going to have for lunch... well, yes and no; the ats is aimed at the a4/3 series/c class segment; the cla and a3 are one rung down. you mentioned that the ats outsold the cla - i would hope so, imid.  the cla, imho, was a very big mistake for mb.  their market research, i believe, was incorrect.  ask a person if they would rather buy a mb or a cadillac for the same or less money.  their response would be mb, i suspect, however if you asked them would you rather buy a downsized, downscaled mb or a cadillac ats.  i suspect the response would be quite different. i've seen and driven both cars and the cadillac is a far superior product when compared to the mercedes cla. the new c class has received rave reviews from what i have read over the past few weeks.  that new engine (3.0 l, 329 hp, 340 torque) is a screamer, to be sure, and is the same engine that is in the new 2015 e400 mercedes. if cadillac would bring out a redesigned cts and ats that is a departure from current styling and more in line with sleeker lines, etc., cadillac would compete nicely with any luxury brand out there.  but the cadillac styling on its ats/cts is a bit worn out, don't you agree? ah, i didn't state my theory clearly enough. i was referring more to prestigious brands that were deliberately downgraded by the company in order to either boost sales or pursue some other marketing illusion.  it's hard to make a comeback once you've done that. on the other hand, if you initially produce a crummy product, but then improve your brand name (gee, think subaru, jaguar, et al), you can definitely change the game in your favor. but if jaguar had re-badged a hillman and put the big cat on the hood, that would have been the end. fortunately they didn't, and also fortunately, ford bought them and got them out of the british motor car loony bin. if you like galaxie xl --- how about a galaxie 500 xl.  my dad bought a new 65 coupe with a 390 new. the 64's actually look much nicer and fetch a premium on the classic car market. we had a 65 regular galaxie 500 four door sedan....with bench seats.  i talked my dad into getting a 64 galaxie 500 with bucket seats and he said it was killing his back...traded it in on the 65 which he loved. a 65 galaxie 500 xl with a 390 sounds good to me. lol.....got it now.  i would have to agree completely...good point.  that's why you are the boss. &gt; i had a great time driving my grandpa's 61 hillman minx. lot's of road feel and looking back at the flimsy nature of the build-- even a small accident would mean serious injury or death. those were the days. <strong>  car shopping in the desert? </strong> when my son's so found out i was in the car business, she asked me if i would help her buy a new car while i am out here and have some spare time.  i said of course i'd help.  she currently drives a jaguar xj, about 3 years old, and she wanted something a little more comfortable in the rear for her two kids as they are getting bigger.  from what we discussed, it sounded like she did not want a mercedes or an audi, but was interested in a lexus ls460, with or without the "l" (longer) body. so we went over to the lexus dealer and test drove both of them, the regular and the l.  for the money and the fact that it is the end of the model year, she preferred the regular sedan over the l. i had looked up her car on manheim and when their first offer came back, they were light about $2000 on her trade, which is to be expected.  the car was a dark maroon (matador red) with saddle (flaxen) perforated leather, walnut wood, and quite loaded, msrp was $83,719.  i researched the invoice on the car and it was $79,900 and i assumed there was trunk money available due to the new models coming out in a few weeks.  so brought the trade value up another $2000 and offered them $1400 behind invoice on the car, or $78,500 to be exact.  well, that did not sit well with the salesman, so he goes to the manager who comes out and "cries" that i am asking him to sell her a car for less than he paid for it.  i said, "yes".  he said he could not do it. i countered by stating that he had 10 ls460's out there, all loaded like this one, and mentioned that ls buyers usually don't buy red or close to red cars with saddle interiors.  he said he couldn't do it. so, we left and went out for breakfast..  while we are eating, my son's so get a call on her cell phone that they would do the deal for $78,950 less her trade, which remained the same as i had requested.  she looked all excited and when she was about to tell him she would take the deal, i stopped her and said, "no"!  i told her to tell him we are at $78,500, and not a penny more.  she told him what i requested and, of course, the manager accepts the deal. she dropped me off at the house, and my son and his so went over to finish signing paperwork etc.  i haven't heard from them, so i am assuming everything went well. the car is a gift from her parents so there won't be any funny business in the finance dept. with rates or fees.  but they seem to deal out here just as they deal back home.  what can i say. my mother had a 56 hillman californian that i learned to drive on, and took my drivers test in. probably not quite the same but this is about a 61; i remember the transmission worked in reverse.  they were part of the rootes group.  cute little things! 10 of a low volume model on the lot when the next year is rolling out means dealing no matter where you are. yep the shifting was "foreign" and i have to say that i smoothed out the transmission by grinding the edges of most of the gears.  i have no idea where he bought it and as far as parts and warranty concerns -- must not have been on his mind. i have a fondness for crappy british cars of the 60s and 70s. they are just so....quaint...and eccentric. back then, rootes and bl and bmc (who can remember who became what and when?) had no concept of fit and finish and interior trim. the imp, the stag, the marina---one disaster after another. and the strikes and the mediocrity of the management....ay, ay, ay....no wonder the germans rolled right over them in the marketplace. i think the brits woke up when rolls royce went bankrupt in '71. that was scary. &gt; way to go mike!  they say salesmen are the easiest people to sell to, since you are selling all the time salespeople don't like to give other salesmen a hard time.  you weren't a pushover. i think you had the situation sized up pretty good.  ten cars to get rid of and this particular one would be slow.  like the audi salesman said to me, you can get a good deal on last years models when the new ones come out, they don't want to lease 2014s right now.  if, you have cash that is king...you got real bargaining power. i had a 1960 sprite, gutless, no trunk, burned through a gallon of oil a week.  but it was fun! amazing what we can put up with when we were younger. back to ccba mr. mike;) mike, i would tell you i was shocked.  but i try not to lie. i do like the e class.  if i was in the market for this class would get a long look. the mgb was the best british car e-v-e-r, in terms of reliability, cost to own, and fun factor for the buck. i almost cried when i went to the movies one day and saw james bond driving a toyota 2000gt. i was ill for a week. not like the 400 isn't still wildly overpowered for normal use.  and sounds way more practical and usable. and dang that dealer played you. mike, you just wanted to upstage driver100. my guess, he will do well on the trade resale if it is basically a straight swap, why not?  doesn't cost anything. close enough. &gt; wow!  and i thought i bought a car in record time.  i had to try sitting in the 550 and though it is beautiful the salesman advised against it because we carry other people around so often. you got a great deal almost trading even, and with the savings on gas, tires and insurance you will probably come out ahead of the game. what colors? congratulations, i hope you enjoy it....i can't imagine a car being more perfect. lol...yeh, now he took all the fun out of it for me having the first 2015.   (just joking). you are right about those convertible rides at night.  in the hot summer in the south, i never put the top down until evening.  it's really nice when the moon and stars are at their best. orange jeep?  not for me. richard amen!  i was trying to explain the lincoln and cadillac letters to my wife the other day.  she asked what happened to town car and deville.  now she just points and says, "i don't like that one." richard mike and others  i can't decide between the ats and the cts.  except for a little difference in size, i don't see much to distinguish one from the other.  thoughts? richard mike &amp; driver, congrats to you both.  i am awed by the ease with which you guys toss around $60+k.  the speed with which you do it is impressive too.  i agonize sometimes for years over a new car purchase. orange that looks nice. i could taste an orange when near the car. seemed brighter. maybe the snap of mine was taken with fuji film or something. that sounds about right...i just wonder who's will come off the line first. they may be built on a different day or shift, there could be small differences in equipment...so they probably run all the ones the same at the same time i just got the first package.  the extra package stops the car if someone walks in front, and it parks itself i guess.  i like my car turning me on but i don't want it to drive itself. heavy overcast. i did some paintshoppro on it. i got an email from my famous sil last night.  you know the one, the guy who tells me the sunroof stopped working on the car he bought from me 7 years ago and is now 10 years old, like as if it is under warranty still.  and, he bought it from the dealer anyway, not directly from me. so, i get an email like this; do you know someone with a lawn mower i can borrow.  mine broke down and all our neighbours have a service. this is typical sil.  if my lawn mower broke down on saturday at 430 i would race over to a store, spend $150, and get a new one, you will need one anyway.  why borrow one and pick it up and take it back, and then end up buying one anyway?  it's what he always does, never gets things fixed until they fall apart and then he tries to borrow....and when he borrows he forgets to give it back or he breaks it and has to buy two new ones. the 10 year old bmw has 150k miles on it.  our daughter has a responsible job that pays very well, and she drives about 60 miles to work and back each day.  he'll keep that car going until it completely falls apart.  i would rather buy a $25 or $30k accord, camry, fusion, sonata, get a warranty, and be reasonably certain i wouldn't get stuck on a highway with a major breakdown. just two different ways of thinking. that's when i liked my convertible the best too...on a mild evening.  but, once a giant bird flew over when the top was down on one of those beautiful evenings.  i got the largest deposit from a bird i have ever seen...must have been rodan, and it hit the windshield thank goodness.  if that bird had been one foot over i would have needed a shower for a week. &gt; ahh, one of my very best memories! 1970 challenger convertible, with a freshly built 340 small block.  headers feeding into a true dual exhaust with turbo style mufflers.  the car had a really, really nice rumble to it. late at night, driving back from freeport (on the coast, beach town) to houston on old highway 288 (2 lane blacktop in those days).  top down, really nice, full moon.  the exhaust would echo back at me every time i passed a farmhouse, barn or other structure.   there was no other traffic, it was past midnight on a week night.  occasionally i would drop down to 30 or 40 mph, and do a full throttle run up to 70 or 80 mph, just to feel the acceleration and hear that exhaust roar. great story mike. i am on my second ls and have never had any issues. that is this car's strong suit. good looking comfortable car and everything works....for a long, long time. yep, sounds like that dealer threw ol" brier mike right into the brier patch !! a few things about that oldf.  briefly, here is how i see it.  subtract price of trade in from new car and divide by 3 years the 535 cost me $11k a year to drive.  not cheap, but.... a ford fusion that could be $30k new will be worth about $15k in 3 years or cost $5k a year to own.    so, these cars cost about $6k a year more.  that is about the cost of a good bottle of wine a day, 10 or 12 beers a day, the cost of running a motor boat, the cost of playing golf a few times a week, or going on a nice trip each year.  depends on what's important, and not implying you drink 10 or 12 beers a day. some people find it hard to spend money.  i talked to a guy this week who has over $1million, but he drives an old civic.  he doesn't buy anything he doesn't need.  he grew up during the war in england and won't spend money he doesn't have to.  i can understand that, but, it seems a shame, to have that money in the bank when he may enjoy a newer car.  i guess there is a balance. finally, i used to agonize for a year too before buying a car.  then i would stay awake at nights wondering how i would pay for the car if i lost my job.  i always tried to be ahead in payments so the car was worth more than the amount owing on it. life can be difficult. brr'r mike seems to enjoy being in the "briar" patch - he has but one weakness, which is saying a lot - <strong>  new cars </strong> !!!  what can i say - it's definitely a "sickness", to be sure!  but i only buy one car a year - some of our regular posters here buy 2, and sometimes 3. you're the guy roaring past and waking oldfarmer up in the night. thanks for your concerns and reservations, bwia, however i have bought every mercedes from that dealer the exact same way.  i have ordered 3 of the cars i bought and all of the purchases were as smooth as silk - he never tried to "stick it to me" on any of those cars or any that i bought out of his inventory. when i sold lexus vehicles, there was only 1 model that was truly superior in ever way imaginable - and that was the ls430.  it was comfortable, handled well, had enough power for almost every situation, room in the back seat as well as the front seat, big trunk, etc., etc., etc. as for the ls460, imho i believe they "lowered" the chassis a bit too much to suit me.  that is one of the complaints i have about the cls550 - too low.  yes, i can raise it about 4 inches, but in that position, it rides very, very hard, so i don't raise it very often. my son's so is truly in love with her new car.  when she told her parents how much she saved off msrp, her parents didn't believe her at first.  their comment was, "...even if mike was in the business, no one buys cars below invoice!"  that's the response dealerships love to hear - a customer who expects to pay a few thousand over invoice.  when i told her father what i paid for my cls550, he downright did not believe me.  i made him a believer yesterday, though! well, as we all know, your sil is not a pauper - so i guess we have to call his way of thinking "rules for cheap people who want to sponge off others."  on the other hand, there is your way of thinking, "...rules for people who have no second thoughts about spending money!" me, i always have second thoughts about spending money.  in fact, i have third, fourth, fifth, sixth and, at times, even seventh thoughts about spending money.  unfortunately for me, all of them are just one second apart from each other.  what i have to work on is counting to 23 trillion by "ones" before buying a new car.  but if i did that, i would always say, "...boy, it's easier to just buy a new car than do all that counting!" i remember once a lecture given by some tv money guru, and he said something very interesting "you can tell how an individual regards money by watching how he actually handles it in his pocket or wallet". i owned a 2006 ls 430 and loved it also. while i think my current ls 460 is superior in most ways, there are certain things about the 430 that i liked better. for one, the size of the 430 was perfect for me. it was not a very big car, but big enough, and it was very maneuverable, with a tight turning radius. 2006 was the last year for that body style and it's biggest advantage was the excellent outward visibility. you could see all four corners. not so in the 460.  i don't think i've ever owned a car that depriciated $15k in 3 years, but i do understand where you're going with this. having reached the age where i'm beginning to lose some of my friends to the grim reaper, i have a new found appreciation for enjoying life while i can. if i had the extra coin i'd pick up this puppy just for cruising around...  guilty as charged, but i think the statute of limitations has expired on this one.  this all occurred about 4 decades ago! mike, for a minute there i thought you were the next larz anderson who reportedly bought a new car every year. but then gain larz married the wealthiest woman in america at the time. best of all he kept a fair number of the cars that are on display at larz anderson auto museum in brookline, a tony suburb of boston . for those interested in history perhaps you will find this motor week video to be of interest. . and here is another link to the eclectic car collection enjoy! to me, that car would fit oldfarmer to a t, and he could get it for a lot less than the $35 big ones he plans on spending on the 'stang. here's a thunderbird color i'd forgotten . is that picture from the woodward dream cruise? the edge is probably a lost tourist. that actually looks good. i almost got this color eclipse. 2005 lexus 430. i like these, nice big windows and squared off.  they did their homework well copying a 2000 mercedes. driver100  just two different ways of thinking. did he grow up poor? that's typical thinking of someone who comes from an impoverished background. i never had much money and it killed me to give up a car until it was total trash. it seems larse kept every car he bought....mike at least trades his in. can you imagine what that car would be worth today? yes. 3 sets of pictures on this wxyz link. lots of complaining about anyone's being able to drive up and down woodward among the true classic cars. the regular folks like the edge  clog up the scenery. you can only see a few classics in this shot, e.g.. i'd always had woodward cruise on my bucket list. after seeing these pictures--not so much. 4 decades ago i was the guy behind you trying to pass. "can you imagine what that car would be worth today?" a '70 challenger convert with the small block v8/340?----maybe $50--$60k for a show car. lotta mopars have gone flat lately. sales story (kind of).  was cutting grass this a.m.  hit what appeared to be a steel cable.  don't know where it cme from, nor what it would be used for.  it was braided with a vinyl cover.  anyway, it wrapped around the shaft and bent it.  tried to balance it.  tried to pound it straight.  no dice. so, figuring new blades, new deck, new shaft, new belt....about $700....give or take. off to lowes. they seem to always have mowers lined up in front of their stores.  looking cheap, figuring if that's all it takes to cause $700 in damage, better buy the cheapest mower amnd hope for 5 years of service. looking for a $900 special, don't care about brand. there was a deere in front with a $1,100 price tag....cheap for a deere (retail $1,899).  it wasn't the base model. it wasn't entry level either.  it was a d130....42", 22hp, automatic. grtting to the point, it was a return (looked new to me).  had 4 hiurs on the meter.  guy couldn't fit in the seat (yikes). they waved the delivery charge.  5% off if i opened a lowes charge card. done deal. we'll see if john deere mowers live up to their farm equipment reputation. hate to tell you but almost all cheap mowers sold at big box stores regardless of brand are made by mtd in michigan.  only difference is the paint. the good john deere mowers are at the john deere dealer. they don't cost a 1000 bucks. i have a bolens paint job and it has mowed 5 acres for about 5 years now which is a surprise to me. got off to a slow start because lowe's delivered it without blades. they must have copied it very well and made some improvements. a 2005 base mercedes  430 s class had an msrp of about $92,000. a 2005 base lexus ls 430 had a msrp of about $56,000. today, according to edmunds, that  2005 s class has a retail value of $10,663. and the 2005 lexus ls 430 has a retail value of $15,769. now that's incredible !! i assumed 90,000 miles on each vehicle. there is something about those.  just the v8 burble when cruising around with the windows open on a summer night is worth the price of admission;) geez, they even copied the name! it is a big difference in price difference, but, that is probably the nicest looking lexus ever made. gg congratualations on the new set of wheels. also, i think it is the first time we have talked about riding mowers....so double congrats. don't worry about what the others say, if it says john deere on it it should ride like a deer. <em>  what amazes me is that the pricing on a nicely equipped s class remains the same as it was 4 years ago +/- $1000. </em> stop teasing please. what is the price +_$1000? the john deere riding mowers sold at hd and lowe's are made by john deere at their plant in tenn. always have been. john deere dealers sell the exact same mowers plus more expensive ones as well. if you ever have to have it serviced you will have to take it to a jd dealer. mtd most likely makes some of the others but not john deere. congrats jj, you got yourself a great deal and a real jd. if you buy this tractor new from a jd dealer it will cost you $1900. houdini....yeah, it said right on the mower "built by john deere in tn".   i have heard mtd makes a lot of mowers for different brands, but deere does their own. mike....i had a wheelhorse for about 15 years.  served me well.  3 years ago i bought a husqvarna because of the reputation of their power tools.  it was never the equal of my wheehorse.  but toro consumer riding mowers abre tough to find around here these days.  today was just icing on the cake. i hope the deere is better. since i can't decide what i want in a new car, perhaps i should buy a john deere and ride it around town.  would they give me a discount if i ordered one without blades?  if they still come in two tone green and yellow, i would be a happy camper.  i like those colors together.  i could buy a matching umbrella to use when it rains.  wonder what the gas mileage is? richard john deere makes good equipment, no question about that.  i have owned a couple of their riding mowers / garden tractors.  but if you're buying something just to cut large amounts of grass, you really, really, really should look into a ztr.  you will be amazed at how much quicker you will get the job done.  truly amazed. re 1970 challenger 340 convertible &gt; yes, i can imagine.  and believe it or not, the car was given to me.  a man i worked with had it stored in his garage, in non-running condition.  he had paid some amateur mechanic to rebuild the engine.  my co-worker wanted his garage space back, and i offered to pay him a few hundred.  he told me i could have it for free if i promised to "fix it up nice", as it was the first car that he ever owned. the passenger side head was cracked.  when i tore the engine down, i found where the amateur mechanic had installed a freeze plug in one of the water passages directly behind the water pump.  i rebuilt the engine, bought a new set of tires and mag wheels, and was saving up for a new paint job when some idiot ran over me and totaled the car. oh, well. i don't have quite an acre.  plus, the ztrs cost more than i'm willing to spend.  appreciate the advice, though! i could buy a matching umbrella to use when it rains. or i am the groundskeeper at a baseball field and we use only john deere tractors. we currently have an x300 ($3000) and an x730 ($11,000). the x300 we use to mow in tight areas like the bull pens and around the buildings. the x730 is used to mow the outfield and sidelines. of course, they are both used to pull things such as a de-thatcher, spreader, field drag, and various trailers. we look hard when buying new equipment and have found the best value by using john deere. the initial cost is a little higher, but overall we feel we are saving money. we use them hard and need the dependability also. very nice green and yellow combo, does it come with a gps? my neighbor has a riding mover but has a small yard, perhaps no more than a tenth of acre. does not make much economic sense, but who knows, it probably was a gift. for me, those days are long gone. i have a guy who does  my lawn and plow the snow and i am happy for that. after research i withdraw my comment about john deere tractors.  turns out they are the only one who still make their own. mtd makes most of the rest, however. switching topics, have any of you looked at this "active under steer control" that nissan touts?  it seems to apply the inboard brake in turns to increase yaw and thus rotate the car through turns. fascinating concept if it works.  is nissan the only one that does this? randon thoughts; *bmw sent me a 1 minute video of the new m4.  quite the color...quite the driving.  they were 3 days too late!  (1 minute) *john deere x300, x730,ztr etc.  why don't they use real names so it will be less confusing, like the mulcher, the rabbit, the goat,  the grass buster...... *gg, this could make lawn cutting more fun. this john deere has a ford 302 engine and corvette steering wheel. * my riding mower *mike and *driver, as a follow-up to the larz anderson museum in boston ( ) i was just joking. some people buy cars regularly (every year as the anderson's) and keep them as part of a collection. others, on the hand, buy a new car because they get bored with the old or they are just after the next new thing. if i had the money i would definitely buy a collection of eclectic cars. my collection would include a representative sample of vehicles from every continent and every propulsion system. nothing as elaborate as jay leno but something closer to jay-z. by the way, if you are in boston set aside some time for a tour of the larz anderson museum and the beautiful estate surroundings. it's a must see for auto enthusiasts. just for fun i checked resale values on edmund's of the first year (2007) of the lexus ls 460 and the 2007 mercedes s model. the s cost about $100,000. new and in 2014 has a retail value of $23,000. the ls 460 cost about $65,000. new and in 2014 has a retail value of about $20,500. at that rate the ls will be worth more in a couple of years. venture....glad to hear i've made a good decision.  thanks for the input. imid....i'm betting that if i cut my grass while sporting that umbrella, they'd quadruple my hoa fees.... richard....i wonder what the mpg is on one of those deere lawn tractors?  you might want to see what the trade-in value is on the srx. driver...v8?  in a lawn tractor?  i'd be game.  at least i'd have fun doing wheelies. i will definitely keep that in mind.  we love going to boston.  we really enjoyed the duck tour, amphibian vehicle that shows the sites in the city and then goes into the water, and the guide is hilarious. not to mention great restaurants and nightlife areas. for some reason i cannot get this song out of my head. "hey joe"...what you gonna do with that gun in your hand. this jimmy hendrix version is the best i believe. any thoughts on hendrix and his music? www.youtube.com/watch?v=4vxmdwyfxvq&amp;list=rd4vxmdwyfxvq jimi is the best way to close out the 4th of july, preferably at midnight in seward ak. there was a 93 camaro commercial using hendrix's "let me stand next to your fire", one for audi and probably some others.. ok, i'm getting the picture thing wrong but here's an unmistakably orange car. hell i just built my own no way i stand behind that beast i've contracted with tesla to construct a safer version however, if you have a gopher problem.... now that's a mower.  i need a pipe, though. ok, explain this to me. my credit union will lend me car money for 5 years @ 1.99%.  the 5 year treasury is paying about 1.6%. how can they make any money? by paying 0.1% on the deposits made by their customers on their passbook savings accounts. interesting question, oldfarmer.  so i called my usaa bank because they advertise special rates if you buy a new car and are a member of usaa.  their 36 month loan rate on $15,000+ is 1.38% "less" .8% as a discount at the end of the loan if you use their buying service, or a "net" apr of .58% (less than 1%). so i asked them how could they possibly do that and lose money on these loans.  the guy responded that their buying service (tru-car) makes up the difference. i don't use their buying service because the dealer then has to sell me the car for $1000 over invoice, less the discounts which he recovers from mercedes usa.  so it does not pay for me to use their buying service.  so if i borrow $15,000 for 36 months, i would pay an apr of 1.38%.  that is a phenominal rate. i just don't know how they do it, to be honest with you. the guy said i have been pre-approved for a loan for 36 months for up to $60,000.  all i have to do is call them a few days before the car is to be delivered to the dealership, give them the vin, electronically sign the loan papers, and they will send me an electronic check for the total amount of the loan which i turn over to the dealership, and which they will accept. amazing!!! as a postscript to my previous post, i do not intend to take out a loan at this time because i own my current car outright.  it has a value of about $62,000 in mid october when i will be trading it.  the invoice of the new car will be about $64,990 including transportation. subtract, on average $2500 for the usaa fleet incentive that mercedes benz sponsors and another $500 for the mercedes benz club of america incentive, or at total of $3000, and you end up with an even trade, give or take $500. it is nice finally not having car payments to worry about, even at those low rates, especially with the expenses i have incurred out here in california with outrageous air fare, food, rental car, etc. also credit unions are non-profit so they don't have to charge as much of a spread. my credit union is at 1.59%, up to 60 months, with 20% down.  they pay something like 1.1% on their savings accounts. more orange on my most recent purchase, (12/31/13)  i went in armed with what i thought was a good credit union rate of 2.24% (and no first payment for 90 days).  dealer got me 1.84% from a major bank.  woo hoo! &gt; hey mike, you could be driving a new car every year from now on...just have to keep trading down. 10 years from now we'll see what kind of a deal you get on a smart car. how is going from a car with an $80k msrp to a car with a $65k msrp "up", other than it being 1 or 2 model years newer? mike, i need you to set me up on the first one.  after that maybe i can handle it. kills me after selling the solara, the only car in my fleet that has under 100k on it to my daughter's boyfriend they broke up.  that whole thing was a bad idea from the moment i lent him the car but i could turn around and but the same car in a better color if i wanted but i think i'm kind of looking out for an old, well kept miata. mike, is this the car you ordered with no intention of buying ?  if it is, i'm proud of you and like your style. you should be worried. these auto loans are sold and then repackaged into other securities similar to the mortgage backed securities of a decade ago. in that pool are risky loans of up to 25% interest rate. don't know how the fed is going to handle it but that trillion dollar auto loan bubble is about to burst. i believe they have already called gm's ally to task for making risky and usurious loans. in the used car market the problem is even worse as consumers are trapped in high interest loans that they cannot repay. if you haven't already done so, now is the time to immunize your 401(k) against the next crash. been keeping a lookout for a replacement for my wife's 2001 denali (just in case we need it). here's what i found&gt; they're at us $23,995.00 edmunds says&gt; 2007 gmc denali with 114,000 miles how do i tell the dealer to stop blowing smoke and get real or at least in line with edmunds pricing? or should i demand $5k more for my denali since his is so badly inflated? _immunize your 401(k) _    bwia, if you still have a 401k you may get out and maybe not. take the money...pay the taxes and put it where noone can find it is your only hope or as you call it "immunization". that may be the case with traditional banks, but credit unions rarely sell their loans.  since they are non-profit and member owned, they keep their loans in their own portfolio. yeah, i figured that but still, that's a low risk premium.  the government won't default on the loan (i hope). maybe he was just dating her for dad's car.  once he had it... better to be shed of him. did you look at that cl miata i posted? you are in nj right? or am i having memory problems again? i like the style of the salesperson who knew what mike wanted before mike did. getting time to think about replacing the heating system. i was in lowes yesterday and see they have 'partnered' with trane. that's one of the brands i'm considering. i'm seeing these in real nice shape with lower miles in the $17.5k - $20k range in the sf bay area. and that's asking prices. the dealer is off the mark here because the car is miled up. he's asking 75,000 mile money for 114k miles. boy, that's a lot of money for a car with 114,000 miles.  how many miles would you expect that vehicle to go? my rule of thumb is i expect 10,000 miles of use for every $1000 i pay. you'd have to drive that to the moon to get your money's worth. consider that i am ocd over low milage. <em>  the dealer is off the mark here because the car is miled up. he's asking 75,000 mile money for 114k miles. </em> thank you mrshiftright, that's what i was thinking. local dealers get a little more here due to being small town and lack of competition, but when you tell them they're $5-7k too high they run back into their cubby hole and refuse to talk. yet they'll make your trade next to worthless. mako, some people think their car is worth a lot more than it is.  i know i am leary of high mileage, but at 114k miles, the car has lived the best part of it's life, but he still thinks it is worth half of it's original price. my famous s-i-l (the one that would rather borrow a lawn mower than buy one) gave his kid their 25 year old volvo with over 350k miles on it to their son to get to work.  he landed a great job and is paid well.  once again, i think if you have a good responsible job you should have a good reliable car that can get you to work and meetings on time.  the car has had numerous repairs including a $4000 transmission repair about a year ago.  this time it stalled out on the way to the airport where his girlfriend was trying to make a flight.  he had to get her a cab, cost $150.  the car was towed to the garage.  diagnosis, motor is shot, would cost $2000 to fix. those are just the repairs i know about. after the 1st large repair i would have advised my grandson to lease a honda, toyota - fusion or similar car, with an option to buy.  for the cost of repairs he could have been driving a nwer, reliable, warrantied car and he would learn a valuable lesson about false economizing. bwia.......you would have lost out on a 1% increase today.  most predict the market should do well in the near future, if things settle down in the world. that sounds like a good rule of thumb.  that would make my grandsons volvo worth about $7.68. your sil gave 'his' kid a car? must be a canadian thing. be a good uncle and tell him to get a new car. either that, or tell his gf to tell him to get a new car. driver, i am with you on a young person needing to be reliable with getting to work, meaning a solid, trustworthy car.  which is why when my just out of college son started working ft (even if not at big money) we decided he should lease his vw.  instead of driving the 175k tl indefinitely (which was mine anyway).  worked out when he got on short notice a new, better job 4 hours away.  no way being out on his own he needed to be dealing with an old car like that.  yes it costs a few $100/month, but reliability is worth something. farmer, yes fezo lives in jersey too.  i believe that miata (which i actually liked) was fairly close to him. if things settle down in the world? let's dissect that "if", from a non- political stance  all of those things have gone on before, and sometimes even worse than now, and with only a few exceptions, the markets keep advancing....over time. this is my observation  nay sayers are negative and are too cautious.  the positive people do well over the long term.  at least there is a chance things will continue to do well, over time.  as bad as 2008 was, we have advanced since then.  when the market was at it's lowest point i said if i had the guts to do it i would invest $100,000 in an indexed fund.  my negative feelings took hold....i thought it would hurt to lose another $100k more than it would feel good to gain $100k. my wife said my grandson was interested in leasing nissan leaf.  i checked quickly and it can only go 80 miles and will need a 240 volt charger. i wouldn't get one.  i think his best bet is to lease a honda, toyota, fusion, focus, or cruze.  there's others, just something reliable, that will hold it''s value, and one he may want to buy back at the end of the lease.  electric cars only make up less than 3% of total car sales, i would go with what is tried and tested and we know will work,,,,especially for a first car. you guys got me looking at m-b canada's website and pricing out e-series coupes. they still only show the 2014s but even though the e550 lists at about $10k more than the e350, the lease payments are about the same. i built an e550 coupe just for kicks in the same diamond silver but with what appears to be (according to the pics) a gorgeous blue and beige interior. man, that would be a sweet car. and i could afford it. i just don't know if i would ever drive it enough to justify the cost. you will still wait for the 2016. you just happened to get another car while you were waiting. darn, all you people getting cars.  making me antsy. driver, if he is looking at a nissan, consider a sentra.  a respectable, basic, cheap car.  i was in ny this past weekend, and the local nissan dealer was advertising a 24 mo. lease for $99.  and no big down in the fine print.  probably about $1k for bank fee, first payment, and doc fees.  plus tax so payment a whopping $107.  even i can afford that.  if i had more time there, i was seriously considering going over to look.  and i don't even want a sentra! excellent question, and one that i was wondering about as well. i wonder what the answer is. the sentra is a good choice for dependable transportation. nothing exciting about them, but they get you where you're going. i bought my son a sentra when he started college at penn state. he drove it for 5 years to college then moved to eastern pa and drove it to work for a while before trading it on his bmw. only thing we did, other than regular maintenance, was tires. well, it is newer model, and no miles. original sticker doesn't really matter once a car is used. superior product actually depends on what you need it to do.  the cls is faster, and more stylish.  but with all the limitations you found (the stuff you rationalize/live with because of the feature you like), the 400 is just better for you, and your needs, at this time. heck, from what you have said about them both, i would have no interest in buying a cls over the e400! do you think there are still many e350 coupes in inventory? i would suspect that choice of colors and options would have shrunk down by now. yeah, even i wouldn't try to run a car to 350k miles.  that transmission job would send most of my cars to the crusher. of course you never know whether you'll achieve that. i've put  about 12k miles on my $900 farm van so that one worked out. i've put 10k on the $3200 lincoln so the jury is still out. i got 100k out of my $7000 chrysler which made it a winner. but i only got 10k out of another chrysler which cost $6850 before my kid totaled it. if i bought one of mike's $70k cars i'd have to drive it for the next three generations. you may consider going with a 2014 e350 or 2015 e400.  i think the cost would be less, and it might be more practical, as mike found out.  i appreciate the comfort of the mb compared to the handling and performance of the bmw, as i get older. i think that interior is actually beige and black, or in the case of the car i got it is crystal grey (very light gray, almost white) with black trim.  we did get crystal blue exterior. if you really like the car just go to a dealer and sit in it.....my wife and i couldn't believe how beautiful and comfortable the car is.  if you do drive it you will know it feels solid, yet the steering and handling are superb. like i say, it will probably cost the same as a mainstream car, plus a package of cigarettes a day, bottle of wine a day, one or two games of golf a week, etc also, a mercedes lasts a long time and if you do low miles, it will last that much longer....i think this is a car you could keep for a long time, and it may even get better with age. at least sit in it and then decide....even if you don't buy one, it is worth the experience. i'll check the sentra too....but, only if i can convince him to go with a gas engine.  i think he likes the leaf because it is electric.  young people get me...they buy an electric car to save the planet but they leave lights and their computers on all day. i always liked the sentra.  i think that segment is so crowded now that manufacturers are falling over each other to get the best deal.  i see jettas for $200 a month too......but, i would only suggest a jetta to a person who is prepared to spend on maintenance when the warranty is up.  besides, if he is looking at a leaf  and he drives a 25 year old volvo, he doesn't need the "feel of the road". mike, i read where the new c class has a longer wheelbase than the e class. could this be true? new c class is about 3 1/2 inches longer, 1 1/2 inches wider.  interior is supposed to be gorgeous with larger back seat.  it takes styling cues from s class. while i've never been shown the door, i have been ignored until i left. i had a new toyota avalon limited maybe 2 or 3 k miles and 2 months old. news on tv said all toyotas have runaway acceleration. i was fine with the avalon, but my wife refused to go anywhere in the car. i took it to a mb dealer where he showed me a c class which i found underpowered and basically junk compared to the avalon. for some reason he had it in his mind that it was the c or nothing. they never gave me a trade value, kept asking what i owed on the avalon (nothing-i'm a cash buyer) and pretty much waited for me to like their car. i looked around the lot, found an s class that seemed to be my speed, but for some reason they didn't want to tell me a price difference remember, price was never mentioned. there was zero hostility, i just wanted to see a car i liked and some semblance of a semi-fair trade deal and i would have been a mb owner, as it is now, i wouldn't give 10 cents for a mb since my only experience was just that pitiful. certainly there is nothing available locally. the local dealer has one e series coupe in inventory, an e350 with the amg dressup package at the low, low list price of $73,000. it is black/black, my least favorite color combo so i have little interest. they have a dozen or so sedans, some e250 4-cyl diesels, the rest e300s and e350s. all except 1 or 2 have black interiors which is how this dealer (the same ownership group where i leased my regal) tends to order most of their cars for stock. how my regal arrived with a cashmere interior must have been a mistake. realistically i won't be doing anything for a few months at least and most likely not until next spring so this is mostly academic for mow. i was surprised at the affordability of the lease payments though. gives me an option i really hadn't thought about before. mako....like you, i was never shown the door, but was ignored. i remember it well.  i was in the market for an is350 when they first came out.  went to the local lexus dealer.  found a beautiful grey one.  it was loaded with mark levinson, nav, all the gee gaws. as i'm want to do, i figured a price that allowed the dealer what i considered a good margin, since i took into account the car had just come out.  but, as i'm also want to do, it was an out the door price....taxes, tags, doc fees, everything. i presented it.  they countered.  i told them i was all in.  they came back with my number plus some irritating stuff like tire insurance, doc fees.  it added up to about $500 more than my "one time" offer. i told the slesperson again, "i'm all in".  he said he'd take it back to his manager to see if we could make a deal.  i waited, and waited, and waited, 15 minutes, 20 minutes. no sales person.  finally, i go to the receptionist to ask where my sales person went.  she said he went home for the day. what? i was livid.  i stormed out of the dealership.  wrote a letter to the dealership principal explaining what happened.  he called me.  apologized.  said he had seen my offer and they agreed to accept it. sales person calls back minutes later.  i asked him what the deal was leaving me hanging.  he was honest and said the deal was too skinny for him, but that the dealer prinicipal said he told him to accept it.  no sorry i left you at my desk while i went home.  no, "hey, we can't do this deal, but thanks for coming in". i told him i didn't want his deal, and to tell his dealer principal to call me to find out why. of course he didn't.  but, when the secretary to the dealer principal followed up with me a day later, i informed her of how poorly this lost deal went. not sure what happened after that.  i only started to go back into the lexus showrooms again just recently. they're all about making a deal, now. what exactly is a "dealer principal"? gg, i guess sensitive guys like us need to prepare well for some callous dealings when trading cars. like you, i don't need financing. i also go for the otd offer in most cases which makes the salesman little more than an errand boy in and out of the gm's office. no wonder they leave for the day without warning. all that training up in smoke. oh well "it's only business". i think it's the head of a school who sells drugs. i should let mike answer this, but i'm pretty sure it's the dealership owner. dealer principal is the manager of all day to day functions over every dept of the dealership.  usually, but not neccessarily, the dealership's owner. mako...you've been around here a good long while.  you are knowledgeable, level headed and courteous.  to ignore you at a dealership seems like a travesty. sometimes i wonder if dealerships prefer customers who know absolutely nothing about buying a car vs someone who does research and has more experience? then again flip flops and shorts topped off with a steeler jersey may not be what mb dealerships are used to dealing with. lol thanks for the clarification, i had never seen the term before. many businesses have a “fake manager” or “pretend general manager” who does nothing but listen to angry customers.  i first encountered this at a ford dealership back around 1990, and i encountered it at a branch of chase bank in 2002.  it’s kind of obvious if you actually talk to the person, they generally know absolutely nothing about the actual business, their job is to just listen calmly until you vent all of your anger / frustration. 2014 chrysler sedan 2015 genesis maybe not the best pictures to compare but i have been out all day and wanted to get them off  quickly...you asked so nicely bwia. for the record, i find the 2014 audi a4  similar to; a 2014 mitsubishi lancer; when i see the legacy ad run, i think it's a fusion. car shopping is much more relaxing when you go in expecting to be treated poorly. just smile, be respectful and focus on the numbers. if you are left waiting for more than 5 minutes get up and find out what's happening. if you can't agree on a price in an hour, just leave. mike, i wouldn't call trading a cl550 for an e400 a trade down...it is really just trading for what suits you. when i was a teenager i got my father to buy a 64 ford galaxie 500 xl.  he hated the "bucket" seats, which really bothered his back. he traded it in for a regualar 65 ford galaxie 500 sedan, and he loved that car, bench seats and all; more expensive doesn't necessarily mean the car is going to suit you  as well. we had a discussion back on the old stories board where several salespeople mentioned looking at a customer's watch to judge their worthiness.  rolex--good, timex--stroke. i've gone car shopping dressed one step down from a homeless person and had them make assumptions about my credit score that were wrong.  it was fun letting them know how wrong. i would have walked over that treatment. regarding electric cars, they suit the driving habits of some people. a guy at work has a volt and says he puts a few gallons in the tank every 4 months. i could absolutely work with a total electric car for my in town driving. problem is that i drive so little that any gas savings would take decades to recoup after i take a beating trading in my prius. as maynard said many decades ago, "surely you jest."  customers who know absolutely nothing are their bread and butter.  otoh, an informed buyer who has an otd number that they can live with can get a deal done in 15 minutes, as many of us know. but, i think we're rare. i think they are running out of designs.  it's like music, they have to keep bringing back old songs.  or movies, they keep making sequels.....must be a limited number of things you can do with a grill. no one will be copying the grille on the 2015 ford 150 better than the early 90s when the grill less look was going around. makes me want to put a nickel into it. i quite liked some of those. dodge started that high hood look 15 years ago and i never really liked it.  how do you see over the front of that thing? even the hood of my school bus slopes down.  next they'll have to install cameras on the hood to make sure you can see people in front of you. this is the last good looking f-150.  just like the one i owned. i really like your old f 150 more than the new ones.  they should do a retro look f 150! i like the rounded generation.  seems positively petite next to a new truck (any brand). now this is what i call a truck. my mom drove a gmc pickup for a few years in the late 60's (that was back in her pipe smoking days). seemed a bit newer than the green colorado one. i remember the far right headlight housing was messed up and you'd light up the tree tops along the shoulder driving along at night. i think anyone with some age on them has driven one of those 'sky searcher headlight' vehicles at one time or another we will keep praying... i'll probably get to 200k miles on the x3- and the '02 is aleady there. the ti is nearing 140k and the mazda is at 142k, making the wrangler and 328i the youngsters of the bunch... back in 2000 or so i got really jacked around by the local audi dealer. we told them we were buying w/in the next week and they spent hour penciling a deal which was the advertised price for a cpo a4 and $2000 back of book for my wife's car. the guy said to come back in a few days and the regular used car manager would be in and maybe they could do better. we drove straight over to the bmw dealer and my wife bought a  cpo 528i... you probably were wearing the wrong kind of watch. all right, that last part just needs more explanation. i've known the odd lady to smoke cigars, but a pipe? well, she did grow up in mississippi although she didn't smoke the appalachian corn cob pipe. she tried to quit smoking now and then and affected the pipe for a couple of years in an attempt to wean herself from the cigs, but only at home. didn't work but she finally quit in her late 70s following a six week rehab after a stroke. still doing okay at 92 and claims it's because she never inhaled (but i sure got a lot of second-hand stuff over the years). the thing is, i had a friend who knew the owner of the audi dealer and he called and actually set up the appointment. i'd hate to see how the y treat somebody that walks in off the street. in contrast, i served on the bod of a local charity and another member was a very sweet elderly lady who had a son who owned a jeep dealership. i called her when i was hunting for a  used wrangler and she called her son- within 10 minutes a salesman called and said "the owner mr xyz has told me to find you a great wrangler at a rock bottom price." he did... something to think about. i saw my friend who has the maserati, which he still loves, but he first bought a fiat 500 to get around in the winter, because the mas won't go in snow. then his wife thought the fiat was too unsafe, so he got a 2013 genesis, that was loaded for a good price, $38k cdn or about $34k us. he hates the genesis.  he says it has all the options, people love riding in it, but it is really boring.  he says it isn't worth much because the 2015s are much improved, so the value really sunk.  he is really getting interested in the e-class and he loves the idea of a v8 (which will be available in canada).  he says his wife won't let him get another car, but, that hasn't stopped him before. something to think about.  life is short, don't compromise, get what you really want if it is possible without getting into trouble. funny....i remember that long ago discussion. rb.....interestingly, i've tended to throw my business to dealerships who were willing to give the pencil some work when it comes to tradeins.  there are those, like you mentioned that seem to want the customer who has little clue as to what their trade is worth (or what they can buy the new car for, either). i have had plenty of "maybe if i can get my manager to look at it again, we'll raise the trade number".  i've always wondered, what did the manager miss the first time? what more does he really need to see to change his mind? the other one is "we'll just wholesale your car....we have to deduct however much it costs to get it to the auction, pay the auction fees, etc.  i'm way back of book as a result", to justify a low ball offer.  only to see it sitting in the front of their lot a day later for sale. then there are others that will state...."i need to make some money on the trade.  gg you take good care of your cars.  i'll shine it up, but need to get a $1,000 more than i'm offering to make it work".  fair enough.  i appreciate that sort of honesty.  you're giving me $15,000 for my trade.  you're (the dealer) going to be asking $17,000 on your lot...and turning it loose for $16,000.  that sort of honesty works for me. the other games i really don't respond to. i've only ever had the first situation happen (re-evaluating a trade). and only twice did was i ever given an honest justification. once was where they gave me good value because it was super clean, they loved the color, and wanted to keep it on their lot. the other was the gm plainly stating he was overallowing (alot) because he liked the car and really felt they could sell it for quite a bit (they didn't and it sat on their lot for months). when i've been lowballed, they've said things like "we're just going to give it to a wholesaler" but they've never attempted to explain what that means. <b>  can you return a new vehicle? </b> i would think not, but here is what prime auto says about its return policy. sales gimmick or honest desire to please the customer? "every car at prime comes with prime peace of mind; a guarantee that if you weren’t satisfied with your purchase you can return the vehicle within 48 hours and get your money back without a hassle. and on used vehicles sold at a prime dealership, you can return your vehicle within 30 days or 750 miles and exchange it for a different vehicle of the same or greater value." . and here is what a finance manager says about unwinding a sale "it's an accounting nightmare," eleazer wrote. "commissions need to be charged back, even if the month has already closed and everyone has been paid. your manufacturer's statement of origin must be retrieved from the dmv. affidavits must be executed to retain the vehicle's new-car status; if you don't, you've got a huge depreciation on your hands. and, finally, if a trade-in was involved, the payoff must be refunded by the bank and the title received on that trade returned." i once bought a mattress with a return policy but there were so many conditions tacked on it that it was not worth the bother. don't know how i missed that miata.  i have been rather distracted of late. orange car alert.  local dodge dealer has a charger in that same orange as the dart.  no, thanks. now i'm not ocd at all but this drove me crazy.  driving home from another doctor appointment and there's a jetta in front of me with the vw badge exactly upside down.  looked like some sort of genetic mutation.  like an m wearing a dunce cap. i think we need to add another truism to life don't buy a brand-new expensive car from a cheap brand. note that this all goes back to having a certified nutjob for a wife. that's the thing; i knew the auction price, and they were $2000 behind that. my bmw dealer gave me $3000 more, which made the more expensive cpo 5er look like a better deal compared to the a4. trade-ins are funny business.  you just never know where they’re going to fall.  the best bet is to get as much information as you possibly can, have qbrozen look up the recent auction numbers for you, and (if you can spare the time) go to carmax and get a solid offer from them. recently i was thinking of trading in my 2013 f150, and getting a new 2014.  go with the eco boost engine, get a few more options (back up camera, for one thing).  i found one i liked, got the price down to a fairly reasonable point, and asked them to evaluate my trade.  they came back at $21k.  i laughed , and tried to walk.  the sales manager came over and upped the offer to $24k.  i still walked, went straight to carmax, who made a solid offer to buy at $25,500. the $24k wasn’t terrible, but it wasn’t very good either.  my ford should be worth at least as much to a ford dealer as it is to carmax.  but the starting offer was terrible, and i still feel like they were trying to ___ me.  which makes me much more likely to go to a different dealer the next time. not always the case.  the bmw dealer would only give us $20k on a trade-in for our 2008 335. some silly story about that is all they would pay if buying a similar one at the bmw auction.(sounded suspicious to me) the audi dealer gave us $24k with no hassle.  he said we don't have to give it a full warranty like bmw would.  he said i don't have to do anything to it, and i'll try to get $28k for it, but, even if i sell it for $25k, i'll make a quick $1000, and i'll convert someone to audi. yeh, it was all his wife's fault! (btw...she wanted to rid of the fiat when they did those last crash tests and the fiat didn't do too well) my old f150 pickup funny she had trouble quitting if she wasn't inhaling. habits are funny things i guess. i remember you saying that a while back- hence the "certified nutjob" comment. met a woman in tucson a decade ago who taught smoking cessation for a living. one thing stuck with me - a lot of the habit, at least for some, is the hand movement up to the mouth and back. you know, kind of like the habit some people fall into where they have to go chat up their car salesperson and inhale that new car smell every week or two. check this out. i hadn't had a haircut in three months so in i go today. the shop, a mom and daughter place. mom is 65, daughter is 37. both very nice and honest to a fault. mom had a 2010 dodge challenger 5.7 hemi a/t she bought new. started having trans trouble in june, took it in for diagnosis. they told her it was a computer box behind the dash and would take 2 days and $800 to fix. she had bought many cars from them over the years so went to the new car side and took a look at a 2014 dodge ram 1500 4wd. she was a little upset with the deal (trading a non perfect running car), but accepted it and bought the red truck. it had adjustable pedals which she had set for herself after the test drive. they took the truck in for detail and put it out front for delivery. all ready to go home she starts it up. the truck takes off full speed squealing tires across the lot, over a concrete tire stop, through the bushes, down the hill between two light poles barely missing a line of new cars, over two more concrete tire stops coming to a sideways stop in muddy grass only feet from the 6 lane highway in front of shelor dodge. they didn't know what happened. she blamed the detailer for resetting the pedals. i didn't hear shelors side of it, but i believe her telling of it with the exception that since she said the brakes didn't work, i believe she got her foot under the brake and firmly on the gas. (just my opinion). they said we'll have the truck fixed up for you in a couple of days, here, take this rental car. she wanted nothing to do with that truck and two days later (after a hospital visit-she was banged up pretty good) she picked out a white one slightly better trim which they gave her for the same deal. i asked if the new one had adjusable pedals to which she replied yes, but she has never touched the button. some people are very safety conscious.  i kind of just take my chances, i prefer as safe a car as possible, but safety isn't my number 1 priority. i also doubt i would trade in a car, because it got a low rating...in fact the 2008 cabriolet didn't get a great safety rating....and i didn't even think about it.  but, i do understand, up to a point, people don't want to drive in a poorly rated car if there are safer choices available. rb, don't you think most people put safety in their top 5 things to consider? whewww...i thought this story was going in another direction! like i said, safety isn't my #1 priority item, but, i think i would try something other than a chrysler product at that point. what happens with the adjustable pedals to cause that to happen? i wonder how often that happens? how did your haircut turn out? motorcycle hits car and motorcycle guy land on two feet (30 seconds - must be true, on fox-news) not always the case. the bmw dealer would only give us $20k on a trade-in for our 2008 335. some silly story about that is all they would pay if buying a similar one at the bmw auction.(sounded suspicious to me) a car should be worth more to a dealer of that brand. i can hear the used car salesman now touting how it's their brand which is worth more, of course, and it was one owner traded back in to them for another of the same quality brand product the first owner chose the first time around. seldom would a used car shopper at a brand dealer think the store bought cars from an auction. contrast the same vehicle sitting at a different brand lot. the used car shopper wonders if it was a trade for a model in their new line or was it bought from an auction. if it were traded for a model in the 2nd brand store, what didn't the owner like about the used car that made them chose the better model in the 2nd brand to trade for? maybe, but in the case of your acquaintance's wacko spouse, the issue was a car that <em>  passed or exceeded every government safety standard. </em> what it "failed" was one test promulgated by the iihs(in order to receive another fawning mention from the mainstream press). anybody that would quit riding in a car for that reason alone is a hand-wringing bedwetter who is as loopy as the day is long. feel free to give her a copy of this post. henry....i concur. i always get a carmax offer before attempting a trade.  i look in the classifieds to see what others asking.  if i can, i try to get black book and manheim numbers, too.  that way i have a really good idea what a dealer can buy it, and sell it for. &gt; very well put.  there are those whose posts i jump right over and then there are yours. besides which, i know a fair number of people who fit the description. now that's what i'm talking about. what year, late 80s early 90s? hippy! some older people lose sensation in their feet and really can't tell what pedal they're pressing. i suspect that my wife does that.  since her stroke she has reduced feeling in her right foot and i think she drives with her foot touching the brake sometimes resulting in warped rotors for the second time in 26k miles. that's what i would have thought too, but, in my case it worked the opposite.  another factor is that if i wanted a used bmw the first place i would look is a bmw dealer.  but, i think the thinking was 1) if the audi dealer puts the car on the lot he doesn't have to give it a bmw extended warranty, and 2) lots of people want a german luxury car and it doesn't matter what dealership they see it at.  we have switched brands several times, and the dealer is happy to get our trade-ins, and all of them would have made good pre-owned cars. you are probably right now that i think about it.  she drives an mb m class, probably because it is big and safe.  also, has all of these health and diet concerns.  guess there is a whole market out there that prays on peoples fears.......i wonder how i can get in on it?  have to work on that one. cdnpinhead said; hey, i say some useful stuff once in awhile too you know. so, i recorded a "wheeler dealer" spinoff show where the mike guy travels around the world trading cars until he comes up with some sort of super car. i was watching it last night and he was in sao paulo brazil (where i've spent a fair bit of time for work).  interesting city.  anyway, i've always marveled at the cars they have there (first time i saw a ford ka).  he traded for a vw combi van (kind of cool as it was in great condition).  but, he also traded for something he called a "classic".  it was a chevrolet opala (assuming a derivative of the gem, opal?). it looked to me to be a late '70s/early '80s chevy monte carlo.  not the pinnacle of gm's engineering, car building might.  it was also a 4 cyl, that when he started it up, reminded me an awful lot of the chevette''s 4 cyl sound.  again, not a gm bright spot. thought it humorous that he'd consider that a classic. didn't know they made another one of those. i'll have to find it. i enjoyed the first go round. i think it was only 6 or 8 episodes. he wound up with a 996 porsche in the finale in that one. i remember the travels included mexico and india. can't remember the others off the top of my head. , the was sold here too, but only for fleets and rentals iirc. i think it was a post by where i first heard about them. iirc, he also was in the uk and sweden, before ending up in dubai or somewhere else in the middle east. this season, he's buying and selling more cars per episode. i'll have to find it - last night's episode got deleted from the dvr. given the carnage reflected in the annual statistics of auto fatalities and injuries, i don't understand how anyone could think that a particular car was "safe". there's really no such thing as a "safe car"--that is marketing poof---at best one could say that "some cars are less dangerous than others".  the dynamics of an auto accident are far too complex to plan against them. after all, you are surrounded by glass, not armor plate. one trick that some of the "experts" love to teach car buyer is to "hide" the trade from the deal and spring it after a number has been agreed on. any veteran can usually smell this coming. " will you be trading in your buick" " ah...i think my neighbor will be buying it" " no, i think i'll just sell it myself" yeah, right! then i'll look at the eight year old century with 140,000 miles and know what's about to happen! but, i'll pretend otherwise. we work out a price on the new car, shake hands and i get ready to process the paperwork. " ah, maybe i'll just trade in my century" that's when the fun starts! no, we don't want it and few wholesalers will either!  it's a 1000.00 car but the customer "knows what they are selling for" the a/c only needs a charge and the check engine light is "probably a loose wire" the grinder customer already wrung the last dollar out of the new car deal so i can't overallow on the trade.  it's hard for some people to come to grips with the fact that we don't want their trade! so, to save a deal, we stretch to 1300.00 on the trade and some wholesaler steps up and gives us 1100.00 for it....maybe! yeah, i'm frankly disturbed that advice is still given. in my unprofessional opinion, it seems to me the trade is the harder part of the deal these days and a more likely place where it could all fall apart. so to go through all that trouble and waste all that time only to then find out your trade is worth thousands less than you thought.... ugh. hell, it gets me annoyed from the other side of the table, too. i've had some salespeople (probably green peas) try to talk price on their vehicle before even evaluating my trade. i have to tell them "well, what i pay for yours will depend greatly on what you want to give me for mine, soo...." agreed but your last comment is not entirely true. the accident death rate was extremely high in the last half of the 20th century because of extremely rigid steel structures. thanks to mercedes benz and others for their innovations with crumple zone technology designed to absorb the impact forces of a crash or collision. if you really see it coming and you really don't want the trade, you should either let the customer walk after he/she springs the car on you, or leave the room on the new car price to accommodate the unsurprising surprise.  you have not and end up bending over, and accepting their tactics, it only validated it (from point of view of maximizing the customer's outcome).  it's basically the reciprocal effect of those dealers who use unseemly tactics we all know about, yet keep getting business - people buying things from them also validate their "business model"  (in their view, anyway).  in both cases, the only way to change peoples' behavior is to act on your disapproval, i.e. walk from the deal - whether dealer or customer. talk about depreciation, just got a flyer from a local chrysler dealer offering me $5855 for wifey's 2009 pt cruiser with 26k miles as a trade. i'll run right over. &gt; i&gt; one trick that some of the "experts" love to teach car buyer is to "hide" the trade from the deal and spring it after a number has been agreed on. &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; all of which doesn't apply at all if you already have a piece of paper from carmax stating that they will buy your car for thousands more than the dealer you're presently talking to. &gt; i'm going to have to (partially) disagree with you on this one.  many, many people never have a clue what they're getting for their trade in.  they don't know about your invaluable assistance here on the forums, and they are far "too busy" to go by carmax and get a real number.  (yeah, right, too busy to spend an hour that could potentially save them thousands of dollars!  but i digress...) the car dealer will (in most cases) inflate the value of your trade (to make  you feel better), and not discount his car the same as he would if you were buying outright. the best advice is not simplistic, as everyone here knows.  you have to do all of your homework.  know what the true selling price for the new car is (truecar is much better than edmunds at this time, edmunds needs to work on that).  and know what the real market value of your trade is (via qbrozens invalable assistance here in the forums and a trip to carmax).  have everything with you when you visit the dealer, including scratch paper and a calculator.  all smartphones have a calculator built in, in case you never looked. even then, some people are just going to be bad at this.  we all remember the recent article where some fairly high percentage of people surveyed said they would rather go to the dentist than shop for a new car.  now some of those people are just going to be afraid of confrontation, there are a lot of people who are very, very uncomfortable with the idea of telling a salesman that he is full of ____.  several of my friends and relatives routinely ask me to help them buy a car, because they know i'm good at it.  heck, i enjoy telling a salesman that he's full of ____.  (smile) speaking of trades if i do toss reason aside and go for the 2015 mustang which do you think would be a more successful strategy? --straight deal no trade, offer $500 over invoice and allow one bump to maybe invoice +$800.  would this fly considering demand on this new model? --trade the eclipse, which edmunds says is worth about $9650, and ask maybe $10k which with the $800 tax savings equates to an invoice deal? i see cars comparable to mine on lots and on autotrader for $11-12k so there should be some profit in the trade for a dealer. or is a 6 year old car undesirable to a dealer even with low milage? look through the dealers used car inventory, either online or via a walk through.  you can quickly get an idea of whether your trade would fit with what he normally sells. then go over to real-world trade-in values and ask qbrozen to look up the auction numbers for you.  those auction numbers may be in line with what you see here on edmunds appraisal, but they could also be rather far apart. either way, you'll have a lot more information to help you in your decision making.  i&gt; one trick that some of the "experts" love to teach car buyer is to "hide" the trade from the deal and spring it after a number has been agreed on. " will you be trading in your buick" " ah...i think my neighbor will be buying it" " no, i think i'll just sell it myself" a few new car purchases ago i just asked the dealer to price it both ways. so he did just that. it put him in the spot of fairly pricing my trade to his store as to what he could give me for it vs what i could get for it in the 6 weeks until the new car was delivered. ahhh, the labor day sales have started.  i just saw this <em>  if i do toss reason aside and go for the 2015 mustang which do you think would be a more successful strategy? </em> the strategy you didn't mention. wait until 2019 and buy that 2015 for a fraction of the 2014 price. oh i meant that objects can penetrate the passenger compartment easily in all kinds of freakish ways--it doesn't matter what the rest of the car is doing, in other words or how well it is built. there are too many variables that keep a car from being "safe" in an accident. i agree with you 100% that a buyer should not hide the trade, but in one case a dealer pushed us to include a trade to the point that he lost the sale. we were looking at a new xterra back in 2005. the nissan salesperson was very nice but her sales manager just had to try and close the deal. immediately. carmax had made an offer of $5,000 on my wife's 130k mile 1997 528i but i had found a buyer who was offering me $10,000. i told the manager we were still looking and i wanted to sell the 5er before we bought anything. he then began to tell me how the private sale might not pan out, blah, blah, blah, and what can we do to put you in a car today. that song and dance sent us back-once again-to the bmw dealer, where she found a cpo 2004 x3... i've already seen halloween candy at the grocery store and pumpkin beer at the package store.  too early. just what i was thinking !! 2019?  do they allow you to park your car at the nursing home? she wasn't inhaling?  is she related to bill clinton? as always, to each his own. as for me, i can easily do without every item you mentioned, and some of them(lane departure, blind spot sensors) would actually keep me from buying a car if they could not be deactivated permanently- and by that i mean i don't want to have to turn them off every time i start the car... here, too. seriously? two interesting stories on cnbc one was talking about a sub prime car loan bubble  similar to the one that caused the gm and chrysler bankruptcies  in 2008.  i think driver100 mentioned this before. what's with these car companies? the other story was about the used car boom. they were recommending auto parts stocks because people were buying so many used cars. explains some of the crazy used car prices you see on line. with 26k on it it is worth a lot more than that to your wife.  it would make no logical sense to trade it in and take that kind of loss.  those letters the dealer sends out must be computer generated, no normal sensible person would take that ad seriously. craig...i'm with you. the number is the number, whether there's a trade or not.  i realize the dealer has to make a buck on the trade, too.  it does detract a bit from my desire to put one number out, and that's what i write the check for. but, i look at the difference.  if i feel a low ball offer on my trade, then that will scuttle the sale.  but, if the dealer's fair, i'll work with him on the trade. q....just started watching it last night.  mike is going from brazil to the u.s. next.  looking forward to that portion as he'll be trading in and out of cars i know more than a little bit about.  all-in-all, fun show. oh for sure.  most pts of that vintage would have 60-70k miles so they wouldn't know about our low milage. they mention that was average black book value which still stinks. that seems like a good - and honest - tactic, especially if you actually have the option to sell it yourself. option three  trade the wife's pt cruiser in on the mustang. and tell her the stang is for her...then just gradually insinuate yourself into the drivers seat ! those roboletters are a scream.  an annoying scream but a scream.  i keep getting mail telling me what a high demand there is for 07 camrys and how actively they are looking for them.  really?  there must only be half a million of them out there. they wouldn't pay what that car is worth to my wife.  not even close.  it's am xle so full of 07 bells and whistles but it's got over 130k on it.  to me and to her that's nothing.  it runs as new.  not my cup of tea but she loves it.  next time i have to hit nyc (right now scheduled at 10/6) might take that up.  there's really nothing on the garden state parkway, the new jersey turnpike that calls for the mazda and a car with a balky clutch in the city can be a pain in the neck.  the only really fun part is the parkway entrance ramp with a couple of curves that you want to hit traffic speed by the end of it.  the camry can do that but the mazda likes doing that. oh, oh, i may have committed a <b>  venial sin </b> because i was flagged for spamming. apparently, i got into this predicament when i mentioned a particular auto dealership's return policy. i was not promoting the dealership in anyway. in fact, i was skeptical of the veracity of their unconditional return policy. i beg for forgiveness and i hope the edmunds' hosts will remove the offending post. a thousand pardons for this unfortunate faux pas. i got one yesterday asking me to trade in my 2013 subaru crosstrek. i don't even have a crosstrek. the closest i ever got to one when i test drove one a year ago. , an '07 camry is a car the finance dept can make a lot of money on. refer to sub prime car loans previously mentioned. , did you get an email about your "spam" or is there just a flag on it? i forgot how that works but i don't see anything in the spam queue. oh, nevermind, i see someone flagged you. maybe they were aiming for the like icon and missed. the automated spam filter we have seems a bit aggessive; i'm always having to restore posts from people wanting lease info. i think all the numbers trigger something. thanks guys, are you trying to get me shot? she has driven the eclipse exactly once. not only did she complain that she couldn't get out if it she claimed it was "too much car" for her. can you imagine if i told her she had to drive a 435hp monster? who would do that? silly.  someone must have been having a bad hair day. jeep must be a favorite for crooks. just saw a news article about hackers getting into car computers and among the top cars hacked were jeeps. that reminded me of an incident that happened at the house. you may have heard me mention my son's friend who scraps cars.  he occasionally parks a few in my side yard while waiting to fix them or crush them.  one of these is a 2000 jeep wrangler. it was only there a few days when someone stole the doors off it.  just walked in and poof...gone.  turns out it was an acquaintance from down the street.  he's trying to get the guy to return them but i advised calling the cops. should be easy to match serial numbers and i don't want this jerk running around thinking he can steal off my property. may be true enough on the 07 camry but i've gotten similar letters about a 98 sebring convertible i owned 12 years ago and several others.  waste of trees. my pickup was an 83. v8, 4 speed w/overdrive and payload package and some chrome trim. other than that, just a basic truck(radio, heater, and do 60 a/c). i miss those 2 tone sandwich paint jobs. while you are deciding on buying a mustang, maybe you can buy this to hold you over. have a good flight back.....we were wondering how you were doing today. on the way back think of a way of can tell his wife he is buying a 435 hp mustang. safe travels.... the trade is definitely the most difficult part of the sales equation from a buyer's perspective.  even an informed consumer like me who knows the car isn't going to grab "edmunds excellent condition money" and gets the galves value from our trusty has difficulty getting auction value for trade ins. when i traded in my 2010 acura tsx two &amp; a half years ago, i figured i'd have no problem getting what galves said my car was worth.  yes it had high miles (49 k on a 2 year old car), but it was a desirable color combination (black/black), 4 cyl, &amp; an acura had the right options (tech pkg), michelin tires with deep tread, and literally glowed in the dark.  q told me not to take a penny less than $20k. the first offer i got was $16,500.  the manager tried to make me think that 16,5 was a fantastic offer.  "there is a 120 day supply of cars like yours.". i ended up getting offered $18k from a different dealership &amp; finally got them (2nd dealer) to offer me $19,5. so you're saying i should buy a 2 dvd length commercial? i'm not that far gone yet but i bet they sell 100,000 of those. two pieces of advice often presented by the experts are abjectly incorrect. first, as noted, is the recommendation to hide the trade.  this is so silly as to be laughable.  sales people are not stupid.  they will not be stumped if a trade is sprung at the last moment, so why play games. i have found the best approach is to research the value of the trade based on its actual condition before visiting the dealership.  tell the sales person what you expect for the trade as well as what you are comfortable paying for the new vehicle.  if your numbers are realistic, most sales people will be quite pleased with the information and many will work hard to meet or approximate your numbers. second piece of silly advice is to never finance at a dealership.  seriously, dealers have many sources of financing and can often beat the interest rate a buyer may locate themselves. one bit of advice which is correct is to never tell the sales person you will pay cash.  it is always advisable to let the dealer believe there is profit to be made in the box. buying a new vehicle is actually quite simple.  do your homework and develop the framework for a deal.  then contact dealers and work from your numbers. can't argue with you ken, all goods points and duly noted. two thumps up! if you click on the flag it will tell you who did it. my guess is that it was probably a mistake. we agree, though, as that's exactly my point. many buyers know what they should be paying for the new one these days since the information is now so easily accessible, but very very few have any clue as to their real trade-in value. so the trade is the harder part of the deal for a salesperson and the much more likely place for it all to fall apart. so the "experts" who suggest springing it at the end are essentially suggesting that you waste a bunch of your and salespeople's time. roboletters? ha. yeah, they are just awful. i get letters concerning cars i got rid of long ago. i also keep getting them concerning the leaf. just yesterday one arrived from a honda dealership telling me "you only have 7 months left in your lease, we could get you out now!" well, no, i have 5 months and, no, you can't get me out of it because that's against nissan's contract. sigh. i've found there's a pretty big delta in what one dealership will offer over another.....sometimes thousands of dollars difference. like most, i know what i want for the trade, seen what the auctions are doing, carmax, looked to see what the market is in the newspaper (if there are a lot for sale and the prices they're asking). if i'm at a dealership, and they're lowballing me on the trade (meaning $1,000+ off the research i've done), i just move on to another dealership to make a deal.  i've gone as high as 4 dealerships, to get a trade number again, i'm looking for the delta between what they offer for my trade and the number i'm willing to pay for their new  car. i'll do a little pencil pushing on a trade. i think most of us here have pretty nice cars.  we keep them in really good shape.  so, i become a little incredulous when a dealer, such as nyc' described, tells me i can buy these all day long at $xx,xxx, only to find a dealer that offers him thousands more. bottom line, don't insult me with your trade offer, and i won't insult you with my buy offer on your new car. that's a game we can all play....dealer low balls on the trade, i can go way under invoice on his new car. usually, i don't spend much time with a dealer who low balls my trade, though.  that means they want to grind me down with a lot of back and forth with the tower.  that's not how i roll....) &gt; &gt; thanks for that houdini, i now see the who flagged me. oh well, live and learn. i was going to click on the flag to see who did it but i was afraid i'd flag him too!! screamer dealer laughs. there is a local screamer dealer who owns multiple brands in the area and is constantly dreaming up gimmicks to sell his cars-- free cruises, big screen tvs, you name it. the latest is a hoot.  he says he's up at the saratoga race track for august and he's implying that he comes out of there so drunk that he's likely to over allow on your trade. he owns a ford store so maybe i should take the eclipse over there. even now, my mom is trying to trade in her 2013 bmw x5 on an mb ml 350 4matic (i think i talked them out of the jeep).  i understand that used cars depreciate.  especially the 1st year of ownership.  but does the jeep dealer really expect her to take $31k for a car that she paid over $50k for just a year ago?  "i can't get a dime more than that out of the wholesaler." sure you can't.  because you are going to stick it on your lot for $43 - $44k and sell it to the 1st person who offers you $41k for it.  $10k in your pocket.  i don't think so. is there a carmax close by? if an auto dealer owns any vehicle, it's a great car, if you own it, it's value is dropping daily. your trade is in low demand, last years style, worn out and if he wanted one, could go to the auction and pick up two for what you're asking. his vehicle ( new or used) is currently the hottest thing on the planet, worth way more than he's asking, will never decrease in value, safety features never seen before and is so rare he can't believe he has one. auto dealers have auto auctions and consumers have money. if consumers had access to auto auctions, the game would be over. consumers should treat dealers like dealers treat auctions. walk away from a price too high and buy when the price is right. if it wasn't for trade-ins, there would be no need for dealers. me too except i was afraid i'd find out it was me who did it by mistake. oldfarmer, i found just the truck for you. never worry about parking lot dings again. this one comes pre-dented. if you read the auto check under accidents it says "minor issue nice touch. here's a pic&gt; jeez louise, this may be the worst case of inflated pricing on a used truck that i have ever seen.  or ever will see.  13 years old, 160,000 miles, wrecked, totaled out, and $2,500?   have mercy! <em>  13 years old, 160,000 miles, wrecked, totaled out, and $2,500? have mercy! </em> aww, that'll buff right out. these old guys around here love the small pickups. gmc sonoma (especially the 4wd) and the king of small pickups was the ford ranger until they stopped making it. the old guys around here pay a lot for just the right truck. then sit at mcdonalds off the interstate and talk about all the fancy people from ny and nj heading for the southland. i "liked" it to balance things out.  i mean, i did actually like it, but i just now clicked "like." hahaha! just body damage...who needs a body anyway?  if the seller thinks a totaled 14 yo truck with 160k miles is worth $2500, i just have to get some of what he's smoking! thanks kirstie for getting me out of "jail." feels like getting a j-walking ticket fixed. and for your troubles, enjoy the new england blueberry coffee cake i did not send. i imagine was figuratively delicious. &gt; look around there may be others doing the same thing (offering to buy your car).  here in the houston area we have an outfit called texas direct auto.  they primarily sell through ebay, and they have a large number of billboards up saying "we want to buy your car!".  they advertise that they will pay more than carmax, guaranteed. i'd be willing to bet there is someone in your area doing the same. i had to lookup the meaning of venial. lol. brilliantly said!  this especially holds true if your trade-in has a manual transmission.  they'll tell you nobody buys stick shifts anymore.  they low ball you.  then turn around and advertise the car as having a "rare stick shift!" the closest to me is hartford, a little far to keep the dealer honest. we we're suppose to get a carmax close to where i live.  they got permission in january to tear down an old kmart and put up a store but nothing listed on their web site. i'll be furious if the town screwed it up. i thought i had flagged him too for a second there.  if you do flag someone by accident i am pretty sure you, and only you, can remove it. the closest carmax to me is in east haven which is a little south of hartford. i hope it wasn't me...if it was it was an accident.  i actually did a "like" for you recently, but, maybe pressed the wrong button. i agree with most of what you said, and i considered doing this when i bought my new car last week.  but, then i realized one problem. what if i tell the dealer what i want for my new car and what i want to pay for the new car, and his number was actually better than mine.  believe it or not, that has happenned to me once. i took an ad in showing a 2000 jeep cherokee for sale at another dealer for what seemed to me to be a great price, $28k.  my current jeep was coming off lease, and the dealer who leased me the car said he could do better than that price.  now, i keep my mouth shut. last week i knew what my trade-in was worth.  they were right on in what they offered.  if they came in low i would have been on guard and ready to walk....since they were right on i thought they were good...no game playing.  the most i could hope for on the 2015 was 4% off so when they went along with that the deal was sealed. a reporter would like to speak to a new car buyer who made their purchase through a longer term loan, 72 months or more. if you'd like to share your story, please send your contact info to no later than sunday, 8/24/14 at 10 a.m. pt. daughter got a 72 month loan on her mini back in april. i'll send an email. cool. oh, yay!  our pr team will be pretty happy. (just dropped in here to post that request myself) exactly!!! just got back from the grocery store. wifey was coming from the cart corral when i started the mustang. she gets in and says "i'm glad you traded in the red mustang for this one". me- why is that dear? "because this one sounds more like a car is supposed to". wow, you never know what you'll hear a wife say (or what she's thinking). i thought people who finance a car for six years don't spend time on these boards, but i'm always interested in learning how many other ways i can be wrong. seems like those who need those "low" payments end up getting rid of the vehicle way before the loan is paid off. you better run right out and buy that woman a dozen roses. i financed the eclipse for 60 months and didn't pay it off a day early because it was 0%.  wife begged me to but i refused.  i was making too much money on the cash i saved. yep, but i figured you guys were the gurus who were always at the dealers and someone might know someone or helped someone shop. much like the people who use consolidation loans to allow them to double or triple their existing debt... here's a buying experience for you when i was closing the deal on the regal, i questioned the addition of locking lug nuts on the invoice. i was told that this dealer adds them upon delivery to all cars that have alloy wheels (not true i later discovered) and that since the car was a dealer demo they were "used" and therefore not returnable - something i frowned on but accepted. these were $140, which was the real reason for my discomfort, as you can buy these for $30 normally. i figured the 4 original chrome non-locking nuts would be in the car. sometime after delivery i searched for them and none were found. the locking nuts were big and ugly and i didn't want them on the car. i raised it with the shop when i happened to be in. a guy working there told me they just take an original nut off, put the locking nut on, and toss the originals in a box. armed with that info, i went back to my sales guy and asked for the 4 nuts. geez, you thought i was asking them to buy back the car. the "box o'nuts" had mysteriously disappeared. it would be impossible to find the originals. i suggested that perhaps the nuts off a car that had yet to receive the locks might be a source. oh no, couldn't do that. finally i get a phone message from the sales manager. because i was unhappy they were going to order me nuts from gm. sounded like they were doing me a favor. all i wanted was the 4 nuts that were installed at the factory and that i paid for when i bought the car. as it turned out i got a baggie with 5 nuts in it. ah well... why do dealers do such stupid things? my dad who i consider pretty smart actually took out a 72 month loan on his current 2011 tahoe.  the reason?  same as .  free money.  for 6 years.  he had a 2010 tahoe that he was quote happy with.  he was financing the 2010 at 2.9% for 60 months.  in 2012, he traded the 2010 tahoe for his current 2011 tahoe. makes no sense to pay off a 0% loan early.  i made over $4k on the $26,000 that remained in investments over the 5 years of my loan.  any time someone offers free money....take it. a lot of times there is cash back or a low finance rate. it depends on how they compare. we have 3 vehicles 10 years or older that we bought new, so i would consider a 6 year loan, if the terms worked out. my fusion has a 5 year loan, but i am working toward paying it off in 4 years. i'd have no problem taking a 72 month loan for the right terms (0%, 0.9%, or 1.9%) on the right car (something that i know i'd never be under water on). i found this somewhat interesting.  not "breaking news," but just about the used car market in general. thanks nyc...i found that article really interesting.  i didn't realize used car market was about 3x the new car market.  also, the profit margins could be better than new cars.  good article. i copied the following from stamford's website just in case you wanted me to elaborate more **what is the grand list? the total assessed value of all taxable property, as determined by the assessor on october 1, is called the grand list. the grand list must be completed by the assessor and filed with the town clerk by january 31 (if necessary, the assessor may request an extension to the end of february to complete his duties). how am i assessed exactly? mill rate based on the grand list and the determination of the city operating budget, a tax rat (the mill rate) is set by the board of finance. the property tax rate in mills or thousandths of a dollar. for example, a tax rate of 30 mills is equivalent to $30.00 per $1,000 of assessed value. more on mill rate grand levy the amount of revenue which must be raixsed by the property tax is called the grand levy. when the grand levy is determined, tax bills are prepared. property tax rate the property tax rate is determined by dividing the grand levy by the grand list. this rate is then applied to each taxpayer's taxable property. tax bills taxes on real property are due and payable in two installments; july 1 and january 1. taxes on personal property, to include taxes on motor vehicles, are due and payable in one installment; july 1. ** for all motor vehicles garaged or registered in the city of stamford $26.50 per $1000 the tax on personal property is something that goes way, way back in some areas. it is a royal pain to prepare the assessment roll and is fraught with inaccuracy. it is designed to measure the "ability to pay" so theoretically it is a measure of how wealthy you are, though in reality it is anything but. i used to work in assessment up here and we only did real property assessment as we have no annual tax on pp. i can only imagine the pain it must be to have to develop the pp assessment roll. even with computerized systems it would be subject to all sorts of disputes and appeals. tax theory is a strange specialty and i think it is fair to say there is no one right way to do it. here we do an annual tax on real property and that's it, though we have hefty sales and income taxes. to toss personal property into the mix would add a measure on unfairness as only certain things qualify. and of course if you have investments they are missed also. i'm surprised so many places still maintain a pp tax as the administration must be huge. "if you  drive your car i'll tax the street, if you try to walk i'll tax your feet. cause i'm the tax man, woohoo" sounds like i could make a business of selling my fully depreciated hoopties in your town. makes owning a nice car or multiple cars a nightmare. basically, in kansas, our personal property tax is really an automobile tax. you pay it each year when your auto tags renew. it is based on the value of your auto. this year our total "auto tax" on our 3 vehicles was $1290. $600. and $100. for a total of $1990.  ouch ! just a quick up date.  s-i-l's son, our grandson, who was driving the volvo that broke down and needs a new engine, was going to consider a nissan leaf.  (i did get miles and age wrong, i got new information, car is 15 years old and has 220k miles).  the grandson has an excellent job, just graduated, and i thought it would be a good time to start him in a new or slightly used 2 or 3 year old car, so he would have a reliable car for getting to work, or to go on an assignment which might happen. parents decided he should get the engine repaired instead.  they think it will cost $2000 but i have a feeling it will be more than that.  remember, they spent about $4000 last year on transmission repairs. sounds like a slippery slope to me.....probably with a snowman effect, this is just the start. car looks like this and is probably worth about $2000 as a trade.  one good thing, people love them and say they are built like a tank and they hold up really well.  of, you should look for one of these.... i can't imagine paying tax on you furniture.  how would they even know how to value it.  wouldn't people be tempted to claim they were using orange crates? if it needs a new engine it is only worth scrap value.  the kid could get the same $2000 off sticker on a year end deal. having replaced several engines myself i'm pretty sure it will cost $2000 just for the replacement motor. if it's any newer than a 99 it's got a lot of ford influence and who would sink money into a ford with 220k miles. there's a point of diminishing returns with any car and that one has reached it. i would shy away from a volvo just because of what you   people love them and think they are well built.  drives the price way up.  i prefer used cars that people scoff at. usually they are overly negative and it drops the price. here's a question for those who lease. how much more expensive is it to purchase a car at the end of a lease rather than having bought it outright?  by how much does the lease + buyout price + associated fees exceed the original price? if you were going into a lease with the idea of buying it later would it make a difference if you choose a car that maintained a high residual like honda or one that depreciated quickly like a hyundai?  or would it even out between lease and buyout costs? excellent advice mike, as always.  i couldn't fathom walking into a dealership without knowing exactly what i was spending. these days walking out the door is not hard to do, but not that many years ago i heard horror stories of unscrupulous dealers who would (ahem) misplace your keys keeping you there longer. it actually happened to a friend of mine and his wife. she (the italian) said again give me back my keys...we're leaving! when the sales guy feigned the old can't find them she got on the phone. another salesman said "she's calling the cops, give her the keys" boy were they wrong. she was calling her brother. one bad dude who would have torn a few salesmen apart to help his sister. i even heard of keys being tossed onto the roof just to stall a customer. not sure if that one is true, but then again, who knows. like nyc, i live in ct. last year we paid about $540 each for our 2013 escape and fusion. even my old mustang was $77, which was up from the year before! our mil rate is pretty similar to where nyc lives. real estate valuations can vary by quite a bit, so you can't just look at the mil rate to determine if your taxes are relatively high or low. there's a point of diminishing returns with any car and that one has reached it. some really good information there of, from the master of the older pre-owned vehicle.  i like what you said about the cost of the engine vs getting $2000 off sticker on a new car.  especially at this time of year, but, when the grandson has a major breakdown the car will be worth nothing, and he will have to scramble and pay more just to get a car right away so he can get to his new job. i am glad you confirmed my basic thoughts, and added to them with some good basic factual information. i will give you a basic answer as i have leased cars in the past, and i think it is a good way to obtain a new car in certain situations. the dealer usually bases the lease on what they would sell the car for, without much of a discount.  they calculate what the car will be worth at the end of the lease, and that is the price you will pay if you buy the car back. if the car depreciates slower, your monthly payments will be less, but, your buy back will be higher, because the car will be worth more than a quickly depreciating car...you are going to pay one way or the other.  but, that could work say if you lease a cadillac, higher lease payments which you can claim on taxes, then buy the car back for a low price and use it as a 2nd car. btw...those lease payments are usually calculated at a higher rate of interest than say your friendly bank, after all it is financed by the car company...and that's easy money for them.  you are dealing with people who only care what their monthly payment is going to be. in short, the payout cost will even out if the car depreciates faster.  probably the best thing is to lease a car with low depreciation...say a bmw, and then not buy it back at the end of the lease, and the next owner will pay more for the unused portion of the car's life. in the case of my grandson, he has a good job, but not much saved up.  his future prospects seem good.  i think he should lease a new car now...no problems for 3 years at least, and then buy the car back at the end of the lease if he likes the car, and he will be earning more, he can finance it easily.  he doesn't plan on driving a lot (kind of a green guy), and he will have a nice car he can drive for 10 years.  better than throwing another $2000 at a car that is really worth nothing. mike, my cell phone is a clamshell type that i use about twice a month.  i wouldn't know what to do with an app.  but, i can go online and build an mb, but they still show 2014s.  maybe you should try another site, just in case.  the dealer did have the list of options and prices so i know what i am getting. oh yes, i saw a white e350 on the road and it was white and i really like the white with the black (sunroof) top.  i went to the dealer and they had a diamond silver metalic and a white e in the showroom, almost side by side.  i liked the white slightly more, so changed my order.  he said, good thing you came in today, it was the last day you could have changed your mind. white is the number one color these days, about 22%.  black is a close 2nd, followed by silver and gray.  a very good edmunds article about color said people who choose white are saying "less is more" kind of thing.  silver is probably related to our technology age. one good thing, people love them and say they are built like a tank and they hold up really well.  of, you should look for one of these.... of course, if volvos are reliable, hold up really well, and are built like a tank, they don't need a new engine and transmission at 200k. just sayin'... here in colorado, we also pay a 'personal property tax' on our vehicles with our annual registration. the formula works like this. start with 85% of the 'base' msrp - before any options. then, multiply that amount by 2.1% for the first year taxes. each year the tax rate decreases (1.5%, 1.2%, .9%) until year 5 where it bottoms out at .45%, or $10, whichever is greater. at 10 years the tax is reduced to $3. but, this can be claimed on your tax return. our worldly possessions are down to three minivan loads. and that's about two loads too many. so the next car really should be white (and i do like white cars). , i guess the number won't work from canada, but you can call our live advice team toll free during their daily hours (8-5 pst 7 days a week) and they'll be happy to price and spec out a car for you. comes in handy at the dealership. click on the live help link up top right for more info. here in ma, we pay an annual excise tax on cars that works out to be $25 per $1000 of the value based on the following scale in the designated year of manufacture- 90% of msrp in the second year - 60% of msrp in the third year - 40% of msrp in the fourth year - 25% of msrp in the fifth and succeeding years -10% of msrp. it's also pro-rated for the first year.  so if i were to buy a $35k 2014 today, i would pay 35,000 / 1000 x 25 x .9 / 12 x 4 = $262.50.  year 2 would be $525. registration for standard plates is $60 every other year. one can look at taxes many different ways.  for instance, i have a friend who touts the great income and sales tax free nature of new hampshire yet complains about his property tax which is about 4 times what i pay and his house is worth 25% less.  to top it off, he felt that the schools were pretty poor in his town so he spent another $20k a year putting his kids through private schools.  nh also has a 9% meal tax which is pretty high imho. the california tax rate of 13.5% is on those who make over $1 million.  it ranges from a low of 1% to the 13.5%.  but the property tax rate in ca is pretty low due to proposition 13. as for florida, yes it is great for residents as they sales tax on everything but food.  but here in ma, we don't have a sales tax on clothing whereas florida does.  florida of course relies heavily on tourist spending with a lodging tax of up to 13% which imho, they should take advantage of. i think white is a much nicer color than that blue diamond silver color you originally ordered.  white and silver are the most popular colors down here.  i am surprised that white is so popular up in canada where you guys get quite a bit of snow.  the white cars blend in with the snow on the ground making the car less visible i would think.  down here, white is more practical since it reflects the sun the most of any other color. i stopped into my mercedes dealer today for car wash (the car was filthy from sitting outside for 3 or more weeks.  he pulled up the ordering guide for the car i ordered and i was correct - edmunds is incorrect!  the lane tracking package (blind spot monitors and lane tracking) is a standard feature of the e400 in the u.s. as is the premium package, fold down rear seats, amg 18" wheels with all season tires, and power folding outside rear mirrors. i am finally going to have all season tires on a car for better wear and longevity.  i will also be able to rotate the tires for the first time since all the wheels and tires are the same size. i am going to try to build the e400 on the main site for edmunds to see what takes place. mike....thought of you yesterday.  i was on my way to ikea to buy some chairs my wife wanted.  there's a benz dealer right along the way and about two blocks away.  for grins, i decided to see if they had any '15 c300s.  they had two, one white and one silver.  interior is pretty.  might be teh colors, but i'm ambivalent about the exterior.  hard to tell them apart from the current e class, which for some reason looked nicer, but the only e class i saw was in 'black, which i like. sticker was $50k and change on both.  but, both were 4 cyl, so hard for me to get excited about them.  i think they had nav but no leather.  kind of a tough pill to swallow for $50k and not toltally loaded up.  maybe the c400 is the way to go, if it comes all loaded up out of the box (c400). that seems pretty rich for a 4 cyl c class with no leather. pass. the discussion on colors is interesting, as i was out cruising the dealership lots this morning (they are all closed here on sundays) looking at what might tickle my fancy if i decide to change cars once the lease on the regal is up in a couple of months. i was struck by how dark and dreary so many of the colors on the cars inventory were. i don't know if this is typical everywhere or a local thing, but the dealers here seem loath to order a car for stock with anything other than a black interior. that is bad for me as i hate black interiors. i saw a lacrosse at one of the buick dealers in "champagne silver", which isn't silver at all but a pale gold or tan metallic, and figured that would have some color inside. nope, black. all the lacrosses i saw were black leather. i don't think i want one of those anyway, but black leather kills it for me. the other ones in inventory were a black metallic paint outside which i don't like either, and "graphite blue" which i thought was black until i got close - it is very, very dark and i didn't like it. over on the cadillac side, all models in inventory were also black leather. at first i thought they were all painted black. a few were - some solid black, some that same metallic black as the buick - but others just looked black. one was painted "majestic plum" which is a color i had seen listed on caddy's web page but had never recognized in the flesh. well, it turns out it is so dark that it reads as black unless it's in direct sunlight. really a shame, it is kind of lifeless. they had one in phantom gray, which is a dark gray but not a shade i like (some grays look good to me but not this one). the ats models were parked alongside the cts models and they really look small by comparison. i like the cts better but it is much more expensive too. i rolled through the bmw lot fairly quickly as i'm not that interested in them but i was struck by how all the cars in inventory seemed to be painted either black or white. there may have been a silver one but i'm not sure of that. aside from one of the 2-seaters (z4?) which was red, no color at all there. odd. over to the mercedes dealer. lots of black cars here too but naturally a lot of iridium silver also. i saw an e class sedan in cavansite blue, which was also very dark but not as dark a blue as the buick. it looked good to me but i don't know if i'd want a dark blue car. it was one of the few without a black interior - i'd say almost all of the m-bs here had black inside except for that blue e-class, which was crystal gray with black trim inside, and another new e-350 sedan in a brown metallic that looked ok with a nice beige interior. i can't find that brown on the website so i don't know what's up with that. i was surprised to see they have 2 leftover 2013s parked out front, one of them a 550, with writing on the windshields about how much they are discounted. the 2013 e550 sedan claimed a sticker of $82k and was marked down to $69k. but they are the old style cars and i think they might have a hard time moving them. they had a c-series coupe parked next to an e-350 coupe out front also. i like the look of the e coupe much better than the c but was surprised that it didn't look all that much bigger than the c. inside it seemed much smaller than the e sedans so i would have to see if i fit ok. this one was white and looked great outside, but it had a black interior which i think would have looked better in some other shade. i really miss the days of colorful cars inside and out. i read some reviews from owners of 1990 91 volvos, and they all said they were pretty good, one had 300k miles with no major problems.  but, it could be a case of people who keep them and have good luck with them praise them...those that have one's that don't do so well, just trade them and forget them. <strong>  one rule i was thinking of after oldfarmers post is  don't spend more on a car repair than the car is worth! </strong> yes, i saw a c400 this morning at the dealership.  just my opinion, but when you are spending $54,000 for a c class (which is what a c400 probably goes for), i think you are much better off with an e350.  for around $56,500 msrp, you can get a nicely loaded e350.  i personally do not feel leather is needed with a mercedes because the mbtex (rich vinyl) is so much like the real leather, you really can't tell the difference.  the only reason i get leather is because i need the ventilated seats down her, and the only was to get the ventilated seats with perforated holes to allow the air to flow through the seat and back of the seat is to order the leather. actually, you are right about white not being so popular in canada.  when i looked up the information white was #1 in the usa and all of a sudden around the world.  all those isis toyota trucks are always white. in canada, the number one choice is silver, and white is way down the list, probably for the reason you gave...looks like snow. country-wide, 22.3 per cent of canadians chose silver/grey for their new car, black followed well behind at 14.1 per cent, blue came in at 13.6 per cent and red followed at 11.6 per cent. surprisingly, the colour white -- a popular choice in warmer climes -- came in at just fifth place at 6.9 per cent. the study suggests canada's messy winter driving conditions may have led drivers here to avoid the hard-to-keep-clean colour choice. i can't imagine changing tires as often as you did on your high performance cars.  i'll be glad to have all-season tires and not run flats.  as we get older we tend to like our creature comforts, and it is nice if you can make life easier for yourself. i agree with your opinions on color.  i prefer a lighter interior, hard to keep clean but it just seems to be brighter and livelier.  black is popular because it needs less maintenance, you just don't have to worry about it as much. about exterior colours.  it seems the less expensive cars have some of the best colors...i have seen some nice blues on a cruz and on sonatas.  some of those cars also have nice light beige and gray interiors....at one time inexpensive cars only had black or gray. one reason i like white is i don't really get tired of it, and i think it will always be in fashion, even on appliances.  harvest gold and olive green and bronze may fade, but white, never really goes out of style.....just to me anyway. i'm 57 and i run summer rubber on the ms3 and the 328i, swapping them with suitable winter rubber in late november and going back to serious tires in early april. it takes me all of 30 minutes per car- thats why they make aluminum racing jacks and 18v cordless impact wrenches. cake. i would think the all-season tires should be a bit softer in ride since they are not as low profile as the summer tires.  i've never had all-seasons down here because i always order the "sport" version of the car which comes standard, usually, with summer tires.  the e400 comes standard with 18" amg wheels and all-season tires.  there is a "no-cost" option to order the summer tires, if you want them. i tried to change something on the car about 10 days ago but was unable to.  i had called from california to ask if i could add wheel locks and comfort box, but he said the car was "locked" which means it was not changeable.  so i am going to assume that my car will be built a little sooner than yours since you could change something yesterday/today. the way it is ordered now, it comes standard with *3.0 liter v6 w/329 hp and 354 ft lbs of torque *premium 1 package (nav, harman/karmin logic 7 surround, rear power sunshade, 6 disc cd/dvd player, power retractable outside mirrors, rear folding seats) *leather, heated and ventilated seats, lane tracking and blind spot monitors *18" amg wheels w/all-season tires *keyless go *burl walnut trim options *parking assist package *lighting package *keyless go package which ads hands free access and power trunk *wood/leather steering wheel *rear spoiler *active multi-contour ddriver's seat with massage msrp is $69,135 they said they can add the wheel locks and comfort box at the dealership when the car comes in.  scheduled date for manufacture is september 7, 2014, and should arrive at the dealership 5 weeks later. most people do not like black interiors because they tend to be colder in the winter and hotter in the summer.  but i found that black is best down here in a hot/humid climate.  when i had the light gray or beige interiors, the got grimy and filthy so quickly down here.  black doesn't show the dirt and grime, but it does scuff easier, but the scuff marks are easier to take out than the grime on the leather seats.  besides, i always get the ventilated seats which cool off very quickly in the heat. but i can definitely understand your aversion to black interiors.  now, if mercedes offered a medium or dark gray leather interior, i would prefer that, however they do not.  they offer an extra cost optional maroon leather which would look great in my light gray car, but when it comes times to sell the car, most people prefer the basic colors. hey *driver, it seems as though your french canadian spelling is driving you nuts. to be consistent with <b>  colour </b> tire should be <b>  tyre. </b> i grew up in ca and my folks still live there. i remember all the hoopla over prop 13 when it was on the ballot. dad was a firefighter and he was real concerned that the lack of property tax would affect public services. it did, but he survived it. now, they've been in their house since 1968, so their property tax is protected under prop 13. if they were to sell their house and buy a new one, they would have to pay the full rate on property tax. according to the dealer's own website the e350 sedan they have on their lot that i looked at is a color called dolomite brown. i don't know what a dolomite is but apparently they are brown. it is sort of a mid-brown, not a bad shade, but i am sort of indifferent to brown cars. i guess it wasn't very popular as they seem to have discontinued it and replaced it with both a red and a mid-blue. the brown car does have that nice tan leather interior going for it, very warm-looking. so the bottom line is it costs you more if you lease then buy vs. just buying in the beginning. would you care to venture a guess as to how much more?  5%, 10%....more? or anywhere else where they use road salt. in salt free areas white weathers better than many other colors.  black and red burn the clear cost off in sunny places like florida.  i've seen 30 year old white cars with good looking original paint in the south.  i've seen 10 year old white cars in the north showing every spot of rust like neon. i agree 100% about the black interiors.  why are car makers so in love with black?  especially leather.  wouldn't want to jump onto that after parking the car in sun. the ford website now offers my mustang with lighter seat inserts called "ceramic". looks like grey on the ford page but off white at other sources.  i think i like it.  if i step up to premium trim there's another terra cotta color seat which i'm undecided on but since that trim adds $5k to the price and doesn't allow the dark red exterior i want it's moot. easy for you, but not for me.  also, mike had to buy new tires frequently because they were performance tires - had to be replaced often.  i wouldn't want that, the less time spent on maintenance the better for me.....gives me more time to try and fill since retired. bwia, i spelled "color" in american about 8 times today and slipped up once spelling it "colour". "colour" is actually british and in english canada we usually use british spelling.i believe french is couleur.  in england i believe they still use "tyre", but in canada we use the u.s. word "tire" possibly because when goodyear and firestone etc came here they just wanted to use the same sign. considering all the rules i am doing not too badly, but it is nice to know someone reads my posts that carefully. there's an interesting question.  i would guess, and this is really a guess, you will pay $1000 and more likely $2000 to lease a $30k car.  don't forget, you are paying a premium to drive a new car for a much lower payment.  also, in some cases i would prefer to drive the car for 3 years, and then decide whether i really want to own it.  i would do that if i was buying a high maintenance car, rover, vw jetta, tesla, for example.  also, if i didn't know what my situation was going to be in 3 years. another thing, costs can be hidden better in a lease, you can get 0% payments like you did if you buy.  they don't do that with leases.  most people leasing just care about their monthly payment, some don't even think about the residual cost, which is very important to connsider too, it can really vary. actually, leasing first can be cheaper. it is rare, but it happens. sometimes a manufacturer puts big trunk money and ultra-low (nearly 0%) rate on a lease while not offering anything on a purchase. i've had it happen twice. once was a mazda3 lease for my bil. he wanted to buy but i showed him it actually came out a whopping $200 less over 5 years if he took advantage of their special 24-mo lease. a big deal? no. but even more valuable than that $200 was him being able to make the decision in 24 months to keep or bail. he wound up choosing to bail, so it worked out. another example was an accord i leased back in '06. the discount off the sticker was the same whether you leased or financed, but, at that moment, honda wasn't offering any special finance rates that could come anywhere close to the lease money factor, which worked out to something south of 1%. couple that with the $0 acquisition fee and $0 security deposit, and it was a pretty easy choice. on colors my last three have been gray or black.  we've had a couple silver ones.  my nest car is going to be a color!  white is not a color.  i might even settle for orange.... _ if i step up to premium trim_ oldfarmer, without the premium package you don't get shaker stereo, sync or the little chrome trims and you lose the multi color interior lights. everybody is different, but if i had no place to plug in my thumb drive (sync) and no woofers in the doors (shaker) i'd dump this ride pronto. v8 and all. as for colors, no silver or black ever. i'll pay more for a two tone interior even if it's just the offset color stitching. even though you are canadian, you are going to have to abide by the rules here. long ago we all agreed not to discuss things like "color". thank you. i believe i read high performance tires are good for about 15k miles.  my all - seaesons seem to go about 24k miles.  my friends maserati needed new tires after 10k miles....and cost $3k.  i'll take the all-season tires...just easier on me, and i like easy. tire differences all season tires as the name suggests, all season tires are designed to provide safe driving over a wide range of conditions. the advantage to all season tires is that they can remain on your vehicle spring, summer and fall, but may not be suitable in cold temperatures or snowy weather. they also provide a quieter ride than winter tires. performance tires dedicated summer tires will improve the performance and aesthetics of your vehicle. performance tires are designed for handling and stability, which can result in a stiffer tire. this may affect the comfort of your ride. the tread is also wider to provide more contact with the road and better dry traction. <strong>  the special compound used enhances performance but may not provide the same tread wear as all season tires. </strong> winter tires winter tires use special compounds to improve your traction, stopping and handling whenever the thermometer dips below 7°c/45°f. although all weather tires are good in many conditions, they don't provide the same grip and control that winter tires can in cold or snowy weather. &gt; i don't remember that rule being made, much less passed.  i know isell doesn't care what color of car he sells or owns.  however, i will abide by the rules, just don't punch the much feared red flag icon. white actually has every color in it.....it is a color!  i used to argue about that with my daughter when she was 6 years old.  she thought my 84 white camaro wasn't a color. ab said  and another new e-350 sedan in a brown metallic that looked ok with a nice beige interior i like that brown, and i have seen it on a 2014 e class and jettas could have it.  looks nice with a beige interior.....but, i couldn't drive in one and wouldn't want to own it.  i like it on other peoples car...i think i would get tired of it really fast if i saw it every day. i cruised a few car lots today while my bride was enjoying lunch with some old friends. no joy. nothing interesting at bmw; one base 228i and most everything else had awd(meh). infiniti had a cpo gunmetal g37 s coupe, but it was missing a pedal. and it was awd. the mini dealer has taken to adding a $2000 adm for blue coral "mop and glow" as well as a couple of accessories that can't cost the dealer more than $50. the chances of me me ever owning a mini continue to decrease. the local caddy dealer has a gorgeous 2010 hemi orange challenger srt. i only wish it wasn't so big... i stopped at a nissan dealer to check out a 370z. the salesguy that approached me was really nice an not pushy. the down side to the z is that i'd have to sink another $2000-$3000 into it to install a nismo(or equivalent) oil cooler and decent brakes before it ever turned a wheel on a track; without the cooler the motor gets hot and goes into limp mode. the brakes don't limp- they just go mia, like in the z that <em>  car and driver </em> totaled during their lightning lap test a few years ago. the new gti is promising; i can get a base model with the hid lights and the performance pack(more hp, bigger brakes, and a real limited slip diff)- but  with those options it's getting close to $30,000 and i fear i'd still have a car that wasn't as fast or as fun as the mazda(albeit it <strong>  would </strong> have an exquisite interior). and that's the rub, with the engine and suspension tweaks the mazdaspeed is a lot more fun than even i thought it would be. frankly, there isn't anything new under $60k or used under $35k i like better. and i love the fact that the ms3 is the ultimate q-ship... you could get them much cheaper at some place like pep boys or autozone.  they'd probably install them too. i'm an am radio listener so being able to shatter the windows with a 1000 watt stereo doesn't appeal to me. the eclipse had an option for a killer sound system but it was packaged with $3000 worth of other things so no go. not even sure what sync does (voice control?)  i don't own a smart phone so that one doesn't matter.  besides i think i read that the 2015 gets it with all trims. don't need nav systems either. the interior light change ability is cute but i'd get bored with it fast. i'd like the leather seats that come with the premium and some exterior appearance enhancements but not $5000 worth. i agree with you on colors.  black is too high maintaince and silver is boring on a sports car.  i toyed with bright yellow but i still prefer dark red. driver, perhaps i was not clear with my comment. i was trying to point out the inconsistencies in canadian english. like all other commonwealth countries i thought canadians use british spelling in all their communications so i was a little surprised to learn that tire is spelled the american way. go figure. nonetheless, here is what a web source says about the subject. tire vs. tyre "tire and tyre both mean a covering for a wheel, usually made of rubber.tire is the preferred spelling in the u.s. and canada. tyre is preferred in most varieties of english outside north america." ab, my lacrosse is mocha steel on the outside and cocoa/cashmere on the inside. the mocha steel is a very popular color in the gm line-up. in terms of optics, it is sort of a dark milk chocolate color that changes slightly with the intensity of the light source. a very nice color and easy to keep clean. the cocoa/cashmere interior combination looks elegant and upscale. however, the cashmere seating surfaces will absorb dyes from dark clothing. but it is easy to clean with a good leather cleaner. i wonder if the dealer actually orders in a mixture of interior colours, but the ones that are not black are the ones bought out of stock by customers first. that leaves a higher concentration of the black interiors sitting on the lot. in other words the black interiors are the castoffs, as it would be for me. i shopped for the lighter interiors in the veranos, malibus, cruzes, regals,accords that i looked at. for years i've bitched to both my bmw dealer, and my acura dealer about the colors they choose.  while i do like black or white (the crystal black pearl and belanova white acura has are tasty), c'mon....order some of those reds and blues they offer in the brochures.  nope, i guess they think black, white and silver are the only colors people want (that can't be true, can it?).  it's even worse with the german brands.  you'd think they didn't make any other colors. interiors are even worse.  you want black, or grey?  gotcha covered.  i'll give bmw credit, at least you can get a saddle or red interior, and a coffee interior in the new tlx.  everything else?  let's go boring. i stest drove a tasty nebula grey is 350 f sport with a light saddle interior.  that one was quite nice, though. "...i wonder if the dealer actually orders in a mixture of interior colours, but the ones that are not black are the ones bought out of stock by customers first..." now that is something i never considered. so it would pay to stand around waiting for the delivery truck. 10 apps every college student needs for those of you with students starting college this fall, or any level for that matter, you may find these ten apps to be useful. i especially like the alarm clock and weather report app. enjoy! or ask a salesman what mix they order in for interiors. or check their website regularly looking at the inventory number system for the latest numbers and seeing if there is a mix of interiors before some of them get sold. we have about 35 million people compared to 350 million in the usa.  we get all your culture, music, movies etc and in that way we are a 51st state for all intents and purposes (about the size of calif) we opt for the american spelling or word in most cases, over british.  no bonnet or boot (for a trunk), we call it take out food, not take away, like they do in england.  we would call a "subway" a "subway", never a tube. the us and canada are more similar than canada and britain, and though i still spell colour, honour and neighbour etc with a "u" in it, that habit will probably be lost soon too. i learned how to spell those words many years ago, and, since the kids don't learn spelling that much these days those words will morph into color, honor etc. basically, it is true, almost 60% of the cars bought will be black, white silver or gray.  whats left is pretty minor, at about 6% tops.  so, those are the colors you will see on dealers lots. when my wife got her 2008 335 was considering red, just to be different.  we spotted one on the dealer lot, and it looked pretty ugly.  normally, i like red, but it just doesn't suit some cars. driver, here is an advantage that canada has over the u.s.  i just got an email that showed a picture of a paper coffee cup. in small print on the side of the cup it said, "if this was a certain other country, we would have to tell you that this coffee might be hot. good thing this is canada." apparently you guys don't support your attorneys the way we do. honda sometimes does some really dumb things with colors.  every once in awhile they will come out with a color that just bombs.  in 1996 they had a color on civics called island coral that 99% of the shoppers hated and in 2001 they painted some civics this ugly color called inca gold.  it was a one year only color but they didn't learn.  nope, they came out with it the following year on civic si hatchbacks.  this time they called it euro gold.  in 1998 they had raisin pearl as a color for accords. when the newly redesigned crv's came out in 2002, they decided to stick beige interiors in the white crvs.  ugly combination that just didn't sell so the following year they went to black with the white cars.  became a top choice and we sold lots of them (including ours!). so...in 2005, they stupidly decided to return to beige in the white crv's and once again, sales slowed to a crawl. still, no matter how unpopular a color is, there is always that oddball shopper who just has to have that color!  go figure! depends on the shade of red.  those fire engine red cars leave me cold.  i prefer the darker reds. strangely i don't like burgundy on most cars either. i'm just finishing up a top to bottom cleaning of my dark red eclipse. if i sell it that will up the price.  if i don't i'll at least feel like i have a new car.  it's 85 out there today and i'm feeling my age. boy this targeted advertising is getting good. a few hours ago i googled some research about muni bonds and now what do i find in the sidebar of this page?  yep, an ad for muni bonds. no wonder google is so profitable, your info gets sold the minute you click. i just requested an online quote for tires.  i wonder when the tire ads will flood my in box? i don't think so. from what i have seen when fresh inventory arrives at these dealers it is almost always black inside. seems ridiculous, but if that's what sells... or is it what sells because that's all they bring in? i don't think very many people special-order cars these days so what's on the lot is what sells. i find it hard to believe that black is the preference. to me a black interior always looks dirtier than a light colored one because you see every fleck of dust, lint, and hair. and w/o a sunroof it looks gloomy. we can't sue the way you guys can.  you could never get a $million for spilling coffee on yourself here.  maybe, you could sue for actual damages, like time off work, but not for any health care related things since that wouldn't get paid out. i have heard of one guy in the us who was going to break into a school.  he fell through a skylight and he sued for a lot because of an unsafe skylight. and there is the robber who got trapped in a garage for a few weeks, and only had coke and chips to eat.  he sued because, well just because. that coffee cup is funny, i don't think it is a major chain, but, good promotion. . that's my thinking too, but 80% of the population doesn't know or think about it, they just assume black is easier to look clean, and in many cases it could be, like if you have a dog or like to walk trails.  i think there is another segment of people who just want their car to look bad-a$$, and a black interior especially with a black exterior adds to that image. google the band bare naked ladies and see what kind of targeting advertising edmunds puts on the sidebar..... , saw a burnt orangish grand caravan today and it looked pretty nice. re coffee, timmy's dodged a bullet by getting out from under wendy's a few years back. if burger king joins forces with them, it'll just be too bad. although they could expand a lot further south if they did merge, and i do like their coffee. re browsers, i usually use duckduckgo. we had a tim horton's in the next town over, here in central ct. it did pretty well, but i think there was an overall problem. the tim horton's/burger king merger proposal is interesting because burger king is not all that big in canada, so this might be an opportunity for them up here. a lot of tim's around here at least are twinned with a wendy's under one roof, so i guess that would have to change if it goes ahead. i will go to a tim's for a sandwich at lunch if i'm on the road, but i hate their coffee and don't see the attraction some have to them. burger king isn't even on my radar - i think of them as one of the lowest-rung fast food places. the way i've heard it, the burger king/tim horton's situation is being set up to take advantage of the more favourable canadian tax rates for corporations; the new conglomerate will be headquartered in canada. tax law drives behaviour.  go figure. tim horton's has excellent coffee....not too successful at getting into the us market.  burger king is supposed to help them crack that and international markets.  canadians love tim horton's coffee.  if you love starbucks you probably won't like tim's as much, it is more of a medium roast.  but, tim's just launched a dark roast coffee, and starbucks now has blonde roast coffee...which is lighter. now, i'll probably get ads since i wrote "blonde".  hope the police don't sieze my computer one day. lol, i usually drink starbuck's italian roast and it's a bit milder than the french roast. guess that's why i like tims, with two on the side. on the surface the difference in corporate tax rates (35% vs 15%) is the reason but i hear that the real bonus will be that bk can expand in other continents without getting nailed by the us double taxation in addition to paying taxes in the host country. certain politicians are already calling for a boycott of burger king ignoring the fact that it will just hurt the low level employees who work there. sometimes i think my head will explode. watching fast &amp; loud and they bought a 1984 seville.  they all trashed talked it during the show and just dumped it on the internet but i kind if like that quirky style. their's was blue but looked like this sure it wasn't anything special, even in it's day but i like the weird look. the only tv drama or comedy show i watch is blue bloods. the rest is live sports, news, and the occasional documentary. oh, and america's test kitchen when pbs doesn't pre-empt it for some fundraising every 3rd week. some of it it because they are on hbo.  mom is in cbs, i don't watch it, but saw trailers.  but in general, cable productions, whether premium, or amc/fx/usa/tnt took over emmys some five years ago. there is hardly anything from networks.  i don't have hbo, but i do watch more cable shows than networks overall lately.  whether it's drama, comedy, or even light entertainment, i prefer them over highly predictable and formulaec shows on networks that are made to not offend anyone. last really good network drama that i cared about, was house. one problem was getting goods to stores that were sparsely situated.  some did well, some not so well, but supplying the good stores was a problem. slowly, we are getting some tim's in florida.  part of the problem i think is the name...tim horton was a pretty good hockey player who died when his corvette went off the road when he was returning from a game in buffalo.  he always had little businesses on the side that never worked out.  when he opened the first tims right where i live people thought he was crazy.  it took off and we have 1 tim's for every 10,000 canadians, probably the densest fast food chain in the world. i find with my kuregs italian roast is quite strong.  i haven't tried a french roast blend, but, i assumed french would have to be milder than my italian roast sample.  maybe too much racial profiling. they have to hope a very liberal or even worse our socialist new democratic party never comes into power or they will have to move head office back to the us.  the stockholders will love more profit through lower taxes.  it is probably a great deal for both of them, not too much downside but lots of potential. tims is more than coffee and donuts.  excellent sandwiches, wraps, soups, bagels, etc, and all at low prices, good quality.  not too bad as far as fast food goes. i used to prefer french roast but in a peet's. until recent years starbucks just had burnt overtones to me. then i had no choice in the up other than mailorder and the italian roast turned out to be quite good and i was finding the darker roasts too dark. should qualify that by saying that i usually add a spoonful of chicory to every pot. interesting that tim horton died in a car wreck. says it was a de tomaso pantera though. wiki also says that he owned a studebaker auto dealership in toronto. funny the car connections people have. thanks for posting that. i was going to use that info while helping my friend buy his new benz in the next two weeks. right now he's agonizing between a new c400 sedan or e400 sedan or going with a '14 e350 coupe because he likes coupes. i'm trying not to interfere but i'm not keen on a coupe for him. best thing with a friend is to mention it once and then let them go their own way on a purchase. we watch the <em>  ncis </em> duo(soon to be trio), <em>  person of interest </em> , <em>  the mentalist </em> , <em>  suits </em> , and usually whatever is on <em>  masterpiece </em> - although we also watch more that a few of the british mysteries on amazon prime and netflix. and <em>  doctor who </em> , of course. the good doctor, <em>  person of interest </em> , <em>  the mentalist </em> , and <em>  suits </em> are my "can't miss" shows... my wife and i like to joke that any show we start to like will be immediately cancelled while the most boring shows will go on and on. face it, we are the wrong demographic. all that sounds correct, it was a pantera, i said corvette as part of a gm conspiracy to blame them. tim horton was over 2x the legal limit for drinking.  his partner ron joyce offered tim's widow $1million for the business.  ron joyce became a billionaire, he has a yacht worth $20 million which he is trying to sell.   bio said he dropped out of school in grade 9. difficult choices.  he will have to try a c and an e to see which he really likes.  i agree, he has to make the final choice and not much use trying to steer him towards one.  i'd be interested in hearing what his thoughts are. exactly.  people of a more mature age enjoy procedural dramas like blue bloods, csi, et al.  they always have and cbs is still the king of those.  but most of you don't spend money like the 18-35 or even 35-55 demographics.  those demos like edgy dramas and comedies hence the success of shows like orange is the new black, house of cards, breaking bad, veep, modern family, game of thrones. actually, it was a pantera, and he was driving from toronto to buffalo. he was drunk, with the autopsy report indicating his bac was twice the legal limit. ron joyce is a bit of a local legend around here as he took his fortune when he sold the hortons chain to wendys and built an exclusive golf resort up on the northumberland shore. i have only driven past it but apparently many celebrities and potentates have been there. he is/was a bit of a rough character apparently - some say he is not a nice guy - but shines up ok. he is in his early 80s now and i hear he has had some health issues that are slowing him down. in the eyes of advertisers, you are.  you don't spend money on most consumer goods.  when most of those shows were popular 20-25 years ago, you were a prime spender. i've given up on shows like pawn stars, ice road truckers, deadliest catch - it's the same thing over and over.  pawn stars - "i've got a buddy".  ice road truckers - the same graphic of a truck falling through the ice.  show me an actual fall and i'll watch again.  deadliest catch - good haul, bad haul, swearing and family strife.  yawn to all of them. i've been catching up on boardwalk empire, mad men, game of thrones.  all dramas but not wrapped up neatly in 60 minutes. in the eyes of advertisers, you are. you don't spend money on most consumer goods. when most of those shows were popular 20-25 years ago, you were a prime spender. it's easy to tell shows for the older demographics by the depends and hurrycane ads along with the fake medicare fraud devices that they call belts that will fix all your aching joints without surgery. yes, i agree. they are all scripted and try to make them look like they are not. all seem to rely on the same fake drama and stretching a given situation out to fill the hour by repeating segments over and over. i got tired of them quite quickly, and find a lot of the characters unlikeable and tiresome. amen to that. but some people watch certain of these religiously. i think it's the antagonist attraction  that makes some people want to watch just to see what happens with the characters that they don't like. i occasionally watch flipping out just to see how outrageous they get with the guy and his remodeling houses for the rich and famous, supposedly. another show i liked to observe was big world, little people. of course with the divorce (real life divorce) they're not filming right now. but my favorite even now, originals and reruns, are the golden girls. talk about actresses with a superb sense of timing for the comedy lines! i have all but one year on dvd copies. they are the best since lucille ball and vivian vance. i had the pleasure of seeing vivian vance in summer theater in the round outdoors in indianapolis back in, oh maybe 1966. ever flip through the ads in the back of most car mags? all that and more (mostly ed stuff). sheesh. this condo we're renting for the next three months has a tv and i'm wondering if i'll get hooked after not watching for 13 years. do like the britcoms. sounds like one of ron joyce's sons married one of tim's daughters, so at least that generation reconcilled a bit. tim hortons is a very rough and tumble place from what i can tell. this was an interesting read it's a huge business - very few large companies are like the endings to fairy tales. well, what are you going to do when the girls actually get in your hot car? i watched that episode too. when those sevilles first came out, a friend said that from the rear, they looked like a garbage truck and they do! they came with that miserable ht 4100 engine that was pure junk!  that lousy engine cost cadillac a lot of loyal customers. great - now a number of firms of working on class action suits against gm saying that by delaying the recent recalls that shareholder value had been reduced. bunch of ambulance chasers.  yes if one were to have purchased gm stock in the past year or so, some equity has been lost but if the recalls started 3 years ago, the same equity would have been lost. tv - there are a couple of good, character driven shows that the wife and i have been watching this summer tyrant (fx - season 1) - about a us citizen and his family who return to his native (fictional) middle eastern country for a wedding then get caught up in the politics (think arab spring). the title is quite interesting because you don't really know who the tyrant is. rectify (sundance - season 2) - a story about a man who was on death row for 19 years and then has his sentence vacated due to dna evidence; he returns home and the impact that has on his family and community. lots of subplots and back story about the real killer and the relationships of all the main characters to one another. well written, superbly acted. &gt; sounds like a similar feud going on between two billionaire cousins at market basket. don't know much about the company but the ceo was fired and in solidarity the employees and customers went on strike and will not return until their beloved ceo is rehired or is allowed to buy out the other family members. the story is gaining national attention as two governors got involved to help resolve the feud between the fighting cousins but without success. perhaps rob2, a market basket customer, can shed more light on the subject. wouldn't their bringing the lawsuits also reduce shareholder value? if i am a gm stockholder, couldn't i bring suit against these plaintiffs for the same thing? in the end, the only people that make anything on these kind of actions are the lawyers. first market basket is a family owned grocery store in massachusetts, nh and southern maine.  their prices are about 10-20% below the competition.  they don't do double coupons.  they didn't have a website until recently.  they don't have loyalty cards.  they don't have any debt and they have been expanding/remodeling stores recently.  they did about $4.5 billion in sales last year and have a net margin of between 8% and 10%.  a typical grocery chain is somewhere in the 1% to 2% range.  the stores are mobbed and the deli line is at least 20 minutes - no matter the store or time of day. two cousins, arthur t and arthur s demoulas, each head a side of the family. t has been the ceo for a number of years and is beloved by the vast majority of the employees.  pay is good (cashiers can make $40k/year), health insurance is 100% paid, pension plan (yep a pension plan) is fully company funded, everyone (even part time clerks) get quarterly bonuses and the executives under t all started as baggers or stockers.  some employees have been there 50 years and many retire with 7 figure pensions. t's side of the family holds 49.5% of the stock.  s's side holds 50.5%.  but the widow and daughter of s's late brother threw their support behind t because the widow was mad at s for something he said about the daughter's acting career years ago.  keep in mind, this is a greek family in 2013, the angered widow switched loyalties to s to give him control of a majority.  with that majority, he could get the board to distribute a special dividend to the family.  t was opposed because retained earnings is what he uses to grow the company.  shortly thereafter, the board of directors approved a $350 million dollar dividend to be divided among 9 the 9 shareholders on top of the $100 million in dividends it usually pays annually.  in retaliation, t instituted an extra 4% discount at the chain for all of 2014 which pissed off s. in june of 2014, the board fired t and two other executives.  when that happened, the 25,000 market basket employees started to walk off the job and picket - first at headquarters and the distribution centers and then at the stores.  the stores were still open and selling whatever they had but most employees spent their time putting up protest signs in the store, asking for signatures on petitions and picketing out front - some while on the clock. in the past few weeks many employees have given up pay, the part time staff has been let go, the full time staff has been notified multiple times to report back to work and if they don't mb will consider them to have abandoned their jobs (precluding them from collecting unemployment), competing chains can't keep up with the demand with some bringing staff in from western ma, ct, me, ny, some vendors have started to publicly call out the new management and s is looking to sell the company - which imho was his ultimate goal.  t has made a bid of $1.5 billion for the s family 50.5% and supposedly it's been accepted but that was saturday and not a peep from anyone. why do these two hate each so much?  when their fathers (t=mike and s=george) bought the single family grocery store from their parents, they vowed to take care of each other's families should anything happen.  well george died in 1971 and over the years, mike managed to siphon off almost 90% of george's share.  s sued his uncle in 1990 and the judge sided with him giving his side of the family 50.5% and a $205 million payback from uncle mike.  at the time, t was active in the business and was found to have known what was going on.  further, t owns much of the real estate that mb pays rent to, he is accused of selling property to the company at inflated prices and two of his brothers-in-law head up the development company mb uses to build the stores. what it comes down to is t and s hate each other and have for years t is the only family member involved in the business and he has a bit of a "see what i do" attitude s and rest of his family want out as they can't sell their stock to anyone else and they see t spending "their" money on new stores and employee pay and benefits the employees are afraid if s sells the company to anyone but t, their pay and benefits will be reduced the customers are stuck in the middle and although many claim to be boycotting, i think they would come right back to mb even if t wasn't in charge as long as the prices stayed close to where they are now. sorry for the long story.  i love business dramas. do you hate or love a particular car brand?  interesting survey summary here i happen to own a brand near the top and a brand near the bottom, subaru and dodge, respectively, and i have to agree with the results.  in another 6 weeks i should be able to state i own two subarus, and a few weeks after that, no dodges. acura's last-place result surprised me. i have a feeling cadillac is dropping as they distance themselves from their past customer base and focus more on performance-oriented vehicles.  one thing to keep in mind is the scale of the results.  there seems to be little spread in the results with 77/100 for the worst and 86/100 for the best. tv suggestion, for you old farts like me we think "vikings" on the history channel is excellent.  it's one you have to watch from episode 1 to really follow, and there are now 2 seasons (with the third scheduled to start in january). network tv - we still like "the blacklist," but then again, i think james spader is pretty good in whatever he's in.  mostly the same type of character - very smug - but really good. the wife and daughter watch "vikings" - and a whole bunch of other stuff. well, i own the two brands mentioned as having improved the most, buick and chevrolet. good article ty. well, my friend with the maserati, who traded in his fiat for a genesis has traded in the genesis after 6 months...i think he is beating mike's record...3 cars within a year. i met him for coffee today and he says "ah, i got tired of the genesis so i traded it in" .  i say what did you get......he says a 2014 audi sr...white with black interior and the black in the audi looks sensational, with the aluminum accents.  he said the genesis was competent, but just not fun.  he said the audi carries 4, it has lots of power, is as close to feeling like a sports car like his maserati as possible. he got a deal on the genesis at $35k.  but, the salesman said it was a 2013, and it was, but the 2015s came out in june, so it really became 2 years old quickly.  the first dealer offered him $20k as a trade-in for an sr.  he went to another dealer and got $25k.  he got about $4k off on the audi so it was $60 cdn (about $52k in the us), so he did great.  the audi has everything on it and it is beautiful.  i would have done that myself...the audi will be a great car for him.  my wife wants us to have a larger car for the florida trip, but my friend has an mb suv for longer trips. <strong>  there's that rule again  buy right the first time, it is false economy to try to save money and not get exactly what you want. </strong> never - s would sue me in a heartbeat and t would find a way to siphon off the money. one funny part of the saga.  the company owns a country club.  two days after the firing of t, two board directors went to the club with an off-duty cop and a locksmith to fire the entire staff and change the locks.  the staff were loyal to t.  there was a standoff for five hours. the two new co-ceo's had to come over and diffuse the situation.  the country club director and employees were told nothing was changing and their jobs were safe.  the country club wasn't part of the fight.  s just wanted to piss off t by locking him out of the club. never heard anything particularly bad about that motor except it was a real wimp (135hp?) caddy had enough bad motors in the 80s, diesel, 8-6-4 etc. to annoy almost everyone. my son's deville has the much better 4.9l which imo was the best of the old technology motors they produced. anyway, you said the 84 seville looked like a garbage truck and it suddenly hit me, that's exactly what it looks like. robr2...same taste as us.  wife is having true blood withdrawal since they just finished up that series, right on top of mad men. we both like game of thrones and boardwalk empire.  i like ray donovan, which she says is too testosterone fueled.  i claim that mad men was too estrogen fueled.  so, there's the compromise. boradwalk is in its last season, too. we just started binge watching masters of sex (about masters and johnson trying to get their taboo research published).  it's a little too "psycho analytical" and "freudish" for me.  but, i do find the business part of getting $$$$$$$$$ for hospital research to be intriguing. good luck finding any quality programming on cbs, abc, or nbc these days (sports excepted). about the only thing we watch on network tv is reality shows (survivor, big brother, bachelor / bachelorette) didn't lincoln have a car with a similar profile in the 1980's ? 1982 continental " bustle back "   the thief that ran a local gym i belonged to had one. no, the 4100 was a terrible engine. lots of issues with it that they slowly improved as it morphed into the 4900. then they dropped it for the northstar, which had its own share of issues. sad that gm seemingly forgot how to engineer and design good engines in the 80s and early 90s, when in the past the buick, olds and cadillac engines were often the best around. the 4.1 cadillac engines weren't any good and i believe it wasn't until 1988 that the much better 4.5's replaced them. the early northstars were a disaster too for several different reasons. a lot of hard core, loyal cadillac buyers got burned and bought elsewhere. , i don't miss my '97 outback i sold a few months back. can't say i love the '09 grand caravan we got around the same time, but i'd take another dodge over another subaru (although i like my sister's '05 forester fine, and liked the '14 one i test drove - just aren't quite "right" to me, and i'm still not convinced about the boxer engine). interesting link, be fun to see the rest of the brands, although as the story mentions, they all do better than lots of other companies (like your local cable guy). i don't watch much entertainment tv but i really like westerns. my wife always tapes "longmire", and "hell on wheels" for me. through amazon prime i am watching all the back episodes of "deadwood". good stuff. i do too.  one day i want to write a book about how my sil with an mba ruined a company doing over $3million a year in sales, within 5 years.  we ended up with about 90% of what was owed...mainly because i had to close every loop hole i could and watch him like a hawk for 5 years...it was exhausting. then i saw a dr phil talking about a woman and daughter who went into a business together which just caused huge family problems.  dr phil said, a family business or loan has 14x the chance of falling apart...i wish i had watched that program before or my lawyer should have said don't do it....although he probably knew this would happen and he made a lot more because of it. i would like to write my book one day too.  it will be called "how to run a business into the ground, and why shouldn't sell your business to a relative". yes, lincoln had a bustleback and so did chrysler...i am not sure why! this was interesting from curbsideclassic.com there were innumerable milestones in gm’s terminal decline , but the cadillac seville makes for a very convenient set of markers. in its four incarnations as gm’s most expensive car, the seville almost perfectly marks the trajectory of its parent company; from the haughty over-reach and cynical pricing of the first one in 1975, when gm’s market share was still around 45%, to the misguided attempts to create a world-class sports sedan of the last. but it was the second generation that really marked the turning point the 1980′s were gm’s worst decade ever in terms of market share loss; and the seville (along with that other ds, the citation) kicked off that decade from hell in grand style a near-perfect synthesis of wretched design and ruinous engineering.  the halo car was now the devil’s pitchfork car. &gt; what a saga. i didn't realize you were following the story so closely. thanks for that. as mike mentioned it would make for a good movie script but meanwhile it will be the  subject for an interesting case study in business schools. i've been following it as there are 6 market baskets within a 15 minute drive of my house.  it's where i shop and i've wasted so much time wandering around shaw's trying to do the weekly grocery run. as a business case, it will be a great one.  one doesn't often hear about employees walking off the job in support of a fired ceo.  in the long run though, it will be interesting to see how t manages to deal with $1+ billion in debt while maintaining low prices and high pay. a contingency plan should the sale fall through was announced by the company.  they would close 61 of the 71 stores in order to reduce costs.  i presume at that point they would consider selling real estate and then the smaller chain. one business expert said that the tax liability on the sale is about $400 million tax liability.  he felt that the sellers may be having second thoughts due to that. 1982 continental " bustle back " the thief that ran a local gym i belonged to had one. yes they did. not as extreme as the seville. chrysler's a guy who lives down the street from me owns one of these, mint. i think he was having problems with the air suspension last year as it was sitting funny, but that seems fixed now. i never liked these, even worse-looking than the seville. thanks for those, brought a smile to my face, those long forgotten models.  the lincoln is kind of nice, holds it's looks not too badly.  the imperial seems a little extreme, but, chrysler takes more risks than most....some work (k cars and mini vans) and some, hmmm, not so much (teardrop, some of those 1960 dodges). does this design make any sense? &gt; in seems as though the buyout deal is going to through, perhaps by the end of the day. according to the boston globe, ...."if a deal is finally struck, arthur s., his three sisters, and sister-in-law rafaela evans will get more than $1.5 billion for their ownership stake in demoulas super markets inc., the formal name of the business. arthur t. will own the company where he has worked all his life." what a rip off, that's like only about $300million each. i don't watch much entertainment tv but i really like westerns. my wife always tapes "longmire", and "hell on wheels" for me. through amazon prime i am watching all the back episodes of "deadwood". good stuff. seems our taste in television is almost as diverse as our taste in vehicles  (nothing useful to add to any conversations today ) no but the more extreme the style the more interesting it is  50 years later. btw, i like that 82 chrysler imperial too.  someone in my area had a low mile one for sale on cl  for over a year with no takers.  it was a 'frank sinatra' edition and came with several unopened bottles of champagne. it had under 80k miles and he only wanted $2500 last time i saw it.  needed a paint job which basically made it worthless. looked like this that is nice looking and the champaigne alone would be worth the $2500 bucks. my friend who bought the 2014 white audi sr4 asked about clear plastic protection for the front of his car.  the acura dealer we go to to have it put on told him not to bother with it - which was nice of them.  they said on a white car it will yellow a bit and it will be noticeable.  also, some stones will penetrate it and you have to get the car painted anyway. my mercedes dealer wanted to put it on for $600.  i called acura and they will charge $300.  but, i noticed a stone has penetrated the plastic and chipped the paint.  this time i think i will do what the acura dealer told my friend and not bother, if i get stone chips i'll just have it touched up. there is a website drbeasleys.com who says the best thing to do is to wax the front of the car frequently, that will protect it just as much and won't discolor the finish. driver....i actually like both of those chryslers.  good looking cars imho.  not sure how they stacked up in their generation of cars, but like the looks. research xpel ultimate or suntek films and you may be a bit surprised.  they self heal from scratches, which i didn't believe until i saw it for myself, and they can take a punch.  plus they come in different widths, so if you want to cover an entire panel, you can.  i've never had a modern film yellow on me, but have seen other brands do just that...cough3mcough. mb has great paint, though, and you live in canada, so film probably isn't as necessary.  here in colorado we're home to boulders, and i'm not talking about the city, but rather what road crews drop on the road.  clear films equate to survival for paint around here.  even my venture shield film was pierced, so i'll be installing suntek or xpel ultimate on the new outback after correcting the paint and applying a paint coating. just got my consumer reports today. (i know, many here don't like it). they proclaimed the new mustang a hit, but also said it had a lower roofline and was a few inches wider. i was thinking about trading for a 2015 convertible, but that's out now as i only have 6 inches on each side going into the garage and am at max bending getting in/out as is. thanks ford for always thinking about the younger generation that can't afford a $40k car. , the 2015 mustang is only 2 inches wider than the 2014. if you are considering a convertible, do what i do. put the top down, install the tonneau cover, and only drive it when the weather is nice. my mustang is oxford white and my fusion is deep impact blue. not sure if black is the only convertible top color. , camping along the rincon/arkansas tonight, and i could use some film for the rain clouds. interesting drive seeing all the "real" suvs crusing along. no more "lime green"? thanks for the information ty.  i think i was lucky with the 535, the plastic film hasn't yellowed but you can see the line where it starts.  i have never had film before and i am just going to take my chances. if i lived in the north country or in a rural area, or in colorado i would consider it for sure.  i don't get that much gravel.......but, i thought maybe the bugs would come off the plastic easier.  i don't think so.  i like the idea of just waxing the front end more often, i can even put a layer of wax on the plastic parts. those colors are sort of meh. two grays? i like the orange but the yellow looks too saturated. i don't see any color that makes me want to select it. bugs have stuck to my clear film, too, and i even had a little acid etching from them before my last paint correction work.  there are so many great waxes and sealants today that it's hard to choose. first i was a klasse guy, then i switched to zaino, and both delivered fantastic results.  more recently i finished off my zaino supplies and moved to another product, a coating that is harder than clear coat.  no more waxing.  you wipe it on and it forms a permanent bond that only polishing can remove.  i'm amazed at the advancements the manufacturers are making in ease of application, durability, and gloss.  good stuff. funny how i totally dismiss cr car ratings until they give a good review of i car i want. put me down for a ruby red or triple yellow. btw, we were discussing mustang trim levels a while back.  mako1a mentioned items i'd miss with the base gt. if i'm reading the ford site correctly, all trim levels come with sync, rear camera and limited slip dif.  that and the irs explain the $1400 bump from the 14. i have been reading several articles about the plastic shield......most people aren't thrilled with it, a few like it.  my current 535 is the only car i have used it on, but, i think i am going to go without it.  too many people getting swirls, cloudy affects, orange peel (which i suppose are little bumps), yellowing, and a line where the wax builds up. i am really surprised that the garage where the film is put on told my friend not to put it on.  that was nice of them...although he gets a fair amount of other work done there. sounds like amazing stuff.  what's it's name?  is it available in stores or do you have to join a cult like zaino? i'm a fan of orange. but i see no more grabber blue. kind of glad for that. i used to be a zaino fanatic.  but, there stuff got to be a bit too expensive for car wax/sealer/polish, whatever they want to call it these days. then, i went to colinite.  again, good stuff, lasted a long time....finicky to use, though.  plus, it's not so easy to find. i now use klasse.  it's easy to find.  relatively easy to use. shines my car nicely.  it lasts a long time.  it checks all my requirements.  i honestly don't see much, if any difference, using klasse 2-3 times/year vs using zaino once a month (or more). that xpell stuff sounds interesting, though. no&gt;  ha,ha.  no cult, but you do have to be quick.  the manufacturer just moved it to a pro-only product and released a more consumer version with less durability.  i immediately ordered a couple of tubes for my outback and family's cars.  the stuff is called optimum opti-coat 2.0.  one 20cc tube will cover two vehicles.  the new stuff is called gloss-coat, but i can't recommend it since it's brand new, untested, and less durable than the product it replaces.  if you can't find opti-guard 2.0 since supplies will be dwindling fast, then the next best product will probably be carpro cquartz. one thing about these new coatings they lock in both imperfect paint and perfect paint.  before you apply the coating, make sure you're happy with the paint condition.  clay bar, iron x, and blemish removal should be completed first.  the last thing you'll do before applying the coating is to spray and wipe down the entire vehicle with a 15% isopropyl alcohol solution to remove all waxes, oils, and fillers so the coating can bond with the paint. &gt; speaking of zaino, i am looking for a fuel stabilizer. my suv has arrived from japan and since it will be garaged in st. lucia for long periods of time (six months or more) i want to make sure the engine does not seize up. don't know if being in the tropics makes a difference but sometimes there are periods of high humidity which may have a negative impact on a parked vehicle. also, would you guys recommend disconnecting the battery while the vehicle is in deep sleep? i can probably get someone to drive the vehicle every two weeks or so but i don't want that to be a carte blanche for driving my suv into the ground. wish me luck. 6 mos really isn't an issue as far as the engine or even gas is concerned. i've had cars sit for much longer with no ill effects. is there an outlet you can use? a battery tender would be ideal. perhaps one of the sta-bil  products would work.   battery disconnect would be good also i use sta-bil every winter in my cutlass and it seems good. no issues. i have never waxed the white 2003 crv that we bought new and it shines like the day i brought it home after it's been washed. my mechanic recommended the marine version of stabil gas treatment but i just used the regular when i stored the corvette and it worked fine. as far as car care products, i'm a huge fan of griot's garage.  every single product i've ever used from them works as advertised.  the wheel cleaners, polish, wax, clay bar, leather conditioning spray, orbital, spray on wax, &amp; speed shine (5 minute detail) are fantastic products. thanks for the endorsement - i've got their latest catalog here on my desk and i've been contemplating ordering a few things from it. i find myself wondering if i am a fool for wanting a more expensive car, never having had one that was priced above $35k cdn. i find myself daydreaming about a mercedes e-class, maybe a coupe, maybe a sedan, and maybe even a 550. but i've never owned a car that expensive and i wonder about the issues any insights? which issue of cr?  i just saw the september issue in the market and nothing about mustangs? this looks great! the emblem in the middle of the grill is the same as my '67 mustang had. the horizontal accents really make it look retro. the "older" new mustangs don't show their age as much as other cars when the changes from year-to-year happen. i was at a chick-fil-a in west chester today and a black gt from several years back was burbling it's way around and to the drive throughs. really got my attention. maybe i need to get a mustang to bring back my youth... yes to all those questions but go get it anyway.  you can't fit much money inside a coffin. dings, dents and parking in the south forty depend on where you live and your neighbors. when i lived in virginia beach, dings were common. especially if you parked next to a van full of kids. here in a small town after 10 years i have zero dings/dents to show for parking close in. parents actually teach their children to respect property of others and stop them from pushing the door open fully with full force. thank you wytheville parents. i like adams quick detailer and just bought some of their super v(inly)r(ubber)t(ire). too bad i recently bought a big jug of car wash. i saw some simple green car wash and would like to try that. when i put the mustang away for the long winter, usually october to june, i wash it, change the oil, fill it with gas, put on the cover. that's it. usually start and run it once during that period. in this link you can see some mustangs going down the assembly line and get a good idea of some of the colors. interesting that there are a mix of mustangs and fusions. i drove a new 2013 gt with a six speed manual(mainly to get a $25 visa card from ford). my wife was terrified that i'd buy it all the spot. for some reason i was completely underwhelmed. a friend of mine at <em>  r&amp;t </em> opined that the only mustang that could hold my interest would be a boss 302, and i think that he is probably correct. when the flat rock plant was upgraded to add fusion production back in 2013, it was done in a way that it could produce multiple models - even different platforms - on the same line and even in the same weld shop. ford plans to add taurus and mks production to that line as well. can't believe that you found those pictures of the john deere with the matching umbrella!  that is soooooooo cool.  thanks! richard driver, that's quite a lawnmower.  i bet you really get the feel of the grass with that one. richard 2&gt; i gave up doing that.  i got more dings when i tried to be extra careful.  i try to park in a wide spot, maybe with no other car on one side.  i try not to park to someone with wide doors or with lots of dents.  but, if you are too careful you just make matters worse. the only warning i would have is if you leave your car outside and your area is prone to vandalism.  i don't know what goes on in people's minds, but that is worth considering. repairs, tires, etc. could cost up to double, but i think it is worth it.  i don't like driving a good european car without a warranty, so i would always want a warranty.  you can buy them for at least 5 years more, maybe 7.  you still have to pay for wiper blades, alignments, brakes, and although they will be more i think it is worth it. i don't think so, i think you adjust. i think the things to consider the most are; *will buying this car crimp my lifestyle?  will i have to give up something i enjoy to buy it?  if it will, don't do it, you will resent the car. *do i find it hard to spend money?  if the answer is yes, then don't do it.  you will always say a chev cruze could have got me from a to b, i'd rather watch the money grow in the bank. *if you appreciate a fine car, great handling, beautiful upholestry, driving dynamics, top engineering, and you can manage it financially then i would say go for it.  driving will take on a whole new enjoyable dimension.  you will appreciate fine engineering and you will be glad you bought a top engineered car. i had a 1995 and a 2000 jeep and i loved them.  could never see myself driving a luxury car.  my wife insisted i try a bmw when i was looking for a new suv in 2004.  when i drove a bmw x3 for the first time i truly didn't want to get out of the car, i didn't know how much fun driving a car could be. if it doesn't cause financial hardship, and you appreciate a fine car, then you really have to give it a try.  i have driven quite a few rental cars since owning bmws, mbs and audis, but i love getting back into my own car....there is a huge difference.....to me it is worth it, as of said, you can't take it with you.  my children won't appreciate any money that we leave, so i will enjoy life the best i can. i'm going with a rudd next month---gas unit downstairs and heat pump upstairs.  looking at the future, gas prices will be lower than electric where i live.  i'll have to replace the 25 year old air exchangers as well.  total package---about $15k.  hopefully, it will be our last one ever. richard , i'll have to put them on my list. need to replace our gas furnace, maybe the a/c at the same time. i'm not big on waxing cars (not really big on washing them) but if i got a miata or something like that, i'd try some collinite insulator wax. and what other wax can you use on your car that helps prevent dangerous flashovers? that would make me even more furious! richard so many of these new grills remind me of the movie "jaws".  ugly doesn't begin to describe them. richard heat pumps are making a big dent in the sales of replacement furnaces and air conditioning systems up here. the only time they need supplemental heating is on the coldest days and apparently that happens infrequently enough that you can get by with an electric coil if your house is well-insulated. we are largely dependent on heating oil up here though so the relative cost of energy probably plays a role in whether one makes sense elsewhere. thanks for the insights on luxo-car ownership folks. still pondering my options. i was out for a drive tonight in the '68 cutlass and it was as if the gods knew what i was dwelling on. first while sitting at an intersection i saw a sl roadster coming towards me, never saw one of those around here before. impressive. then later on coming down the street towards me was a white e coupe that i had not seen before. wow, what a neat looking machine. looked good in white. we have a heat pump and our electric bill is consistently less than $200/month. . you could try a 2 year lease on a nice car. it's long enough to figure out if you like it, but it is not a long term commitment, like buying it. leased vehicles have allowances for thing like door dings. try to avoid going over the mileage limit. , there are some short mustang videos you can watch here ruby red looks really good and i recommend 'stories from the creators' to start. our lennox is at 22 years and counting. it was a fairly efficient single speed model when purchased.  i'm considering a hybrid unit for replacement because there's a push to put a natural gas line on our road. otherwise, i'll just get another fairly efficient model, likely a lennox. for many people, i'd consider the heat pumps that use a ground loop with a liquid circulated through the earth at it's typical 55 deg f temperature. that makes the heat pump really efficient in operation for heat as well as for cooling because it's moving heat in or out of 55 deg "water." better than trying to move heat into or out of the ambient air temperature. , my inspiration for buying my 91 mustang gt convertible, which i still have, was getting a ride in/driving my sil's z28 convertible. a guy was on the radio yesterday talking about the best way to negotiate buying a new car.  one idea he had, which i never heard of or thought of was to tell the salesman you are cross shopping.  if you are looking at a corolla, tell the salesman you will be comparing the car to a focus or cruze.  that eases the pressure, gives you a chance to walk away and think, makes him come up with a competitive price. sounds not bad....too bad there is all this game playing going on just to buy a car......... bingo!  that succicntly sums up how to purchase a vehicle.  be completely up front, no games  well maybe one, often a good strategy to set a price a bit lower than the price for which you will buy.  gives them a little win if you appear to come up a bit from the stated price. i can testify, based on many years of buying, works every time.  sometimes have to contact more than one dealer but, as you note, there is always another dealer. the only problem with that approach is that people aren't realistic on the discount or the trade. the hard part is finding that range of $1000 where both parties can be happy. the trade is the tough part. if you have a carmax nearby, that would at least give you a number that will actually buy your car. the books and pricing sites vary. oh well, i'm happy with both my cars so that issue is moot --- but still interesting. that $1000 spread is the hardest part...between getting the price down on the new car, and the value of the trade in. the guy on the radio also said (the mention of carmax reminded me), take your trade-in to a dealer who sells cars similar to yours.  find out what they would give you for it....just so you have an alternative and so you have some idea of what it is worth, maybe confirm your online price. i like that, but then there is that sales tax thing...too bad you can't sell your car to one dealer but get a reduction on the taxes paid on the new car. thanks tyguy, explorerx4, oldfarmer50, ab348, qbrozen, ray80 and others for your many very helpful suggestions on how to prepare a vehicle for long-term storage. i have another question though, the petrol used in the caribbean is 100% gasoline from venezuela. would using sta-bil make a difference if the gasoline is not an ethanol mix? what a happy problem to have if you can afford a vehicle in that price range. like the others said, if you feel all the range of anxieties you mentioned, perhaps you should think of leasing. personally, i would never lease an automobile for personal use. arguably, it is the most expensive way to finance an automobile. regardless of the financing option you choose i think you should go for it and live your best life now--not later when you are too old to drive. sta-bil makes both a storage additive as well as one to deal with ethanol in small engines.  regular sta-bil should work for you. imid...were you in west chester, oh?  if so, let me know if you're around the area again.  i'll meet up for lunch. we're still house hunting.  not sure we're going to stay in the same general vicinity. i used to have bengals season tickets.  the guy i sold mine to asked if i wanted to see the last pre-season game last night.  we went.  he insisted on driving.  he had just bought a mercedes m wagon.  never been in one.  that's a pretty nice way to travel.  i liked it. not sure it offered anything more than my previous chevy tahoe, but still nice. a laguna seca version of the mustang would hold my interest! my friend at <em>  r&amp;t </em> has driven both the "plain" boss as well as the laguna seca and in his opinion the primary advantage of the laguna seca is its future status as a collectable. yes, it's faster on the track, but not significantly so. didn't even know there was such an animal.  what does it do that a regular normal mustang won't do? btw...this one was on ebay for about $52k ab348  another take on the issue 1.i always look for the parking spot in lots that is closest to where i need to go. will i now be that guy all by himself at the far end of the lot? by parking farther away, you will walk more, increasing heart-rate, metabolism and hence, lose weight.  you will then have to revamp your wardrobe to fit your new streamlined body.  women will begin to pay more attention to you, you will date more.  you will end up marrying a much younger woman.  she, of course, will divorce you, taking half of everything and, most likely, your lovely mercedes.  you will become depressed, stop walking, eat more and gain weight.  so, ultimately, what's the point? risk and reward, my friend. what i find funny is that you could take a gt and turn it into a boss 302 for very little money or a laguna seca for a bit more. far less than it would cost you to buy a factory version. yet, if you did it to a gt, it would be worth less than a gt because you've modified it. collectors are a strange bunch. $52k?  i can buy some pretty nice iron for $52k--not sure i'd ever pay that for a mustang. i'd buy it to use and enjoy. it'll be decades before it is 'collectible' (if ever) and by that time i'll probably be dead or senile, so that would not be my motivation. not sure if this or ccba board was where abacomike (and my thoughts continue to be with you and your family) was discussing mb e class vs. cls.  but, i was thinking my xf is kinda the hybrid/combo of those two  the style of the cls with the (not quite as spacious) room/utility of the e  sedan. my xf is really quite the swiss army knife  awd for the winter, (smallish) roof hole for lovely summer evenings, split, folding rear seats for suv-ish duties and a ski sack to put the sticks in the car, without messing up the fine corinthian leather.  not to mention, it plays dvds  "it's not going to be an orgy!  it's a toga party!"  oh, yeah  340hp/332 lb.feet torque and a really nice ride/handling balance.  woo hoo. so, to sum up, stay calm and buy a jag! some excellent reasons to go for the jag over, say an e class.  i believe you are talking v8 too! and, possibly saving $10 to $15k as well. i carry people around quite a bit, so backseat room is important to me, as well as easy getting in and out.  the e class and a6 have seats that are the highest, backseat people have lots of depth, the floor is carved out.  even the 535 which people find comfortable doesn't have that. as you know, i didn't get to the jag dealer, i made a deal i was happy with and didn't want to jeopardize it, besides the e was as nice as a car could be for me, but, one concern i had were the number of dealerships....just in case of a breakdown in nowheresville usa.  i can imagine twiddling my thumbs in a motel 6 waiting for a part to be flown - courriered in. i do like your thinking on ruining your life by buying an "e" though...but, if you always worry about such things you might as well never do anything... the laguna seca adds the following to the standard boss 302 recaro sport seats, a torsen limited-slip rear differential (both optional on the standard boss 302), revised suspension tuning with unique spring and damper rates, and a larger rear stabilizer. the laguna seca model loses its rear seats, which are replaced by a cross-car x-brace to increase structural rigidity approximately 10%. it rides on 19x9-inch front (255/40-19) and 19x10 inch rear (285/35-19) light-weight alloy wheels with r-compound ultra high-performance tires. ford racing front brake ducts help cool the brakes. all nice, but imo not worth the $7000 premium over the standard boss 302. full disclosure on the xf  it'll seat 5, but if you're 6' or above, you probably won't be happy in the back seat.  unless you slouch anyway...  visibility is compromised by the styling, thick pillars all around.  a product of the sleek styling.  that's why i mention it is a blend of the cls and e.   and, it's a supercharged v6.  pricing is competitive in the class, i saved $ thanks to big trunk money and buying a '13 new year's eve '13. and, what?  me worry?  i bought a jag!  twice!  so, i worry not about such things.  looking forward to the xe, i hope it's not just a "mini-xf." oh, nice.  i wish we could get 100% gas more readily in the usa.  the storage sta-bil will help prevent gasoline oxidation (stale gas), so still worth adding considering the very inexpensive cost of that version.  it'll help prevent varnish. that mustang will get you laughed at every time you'd pull up to a stop light....at least around here it would. ahh, too bad, that's the deal killer for me. it mkust have been the only car sold that day.  it wouldn't occur to me to buy a car on the day before new years.  not that we go out and party or anything.  were there other buyers in the showroom? one thing i really like in the e were the large windows all around, and the seating is very high.  even the backseat is like stadium seating...up high.  i compared it to the 535...i think it was the first time i ever sat in the rear seat.  the 535 is comfortable, but the e is even better in that regard. i have seen quite a few jaguars lately and i like the looks.  i think i like the last edition even more....very stately looking. just back in.  spent hours in a blood lab today for two ridiculously routine tests - the type the lab does dozens of every day.  problem was the wording on the new script.  two phone calls and a fax later that was resolved.  then, after pulling the needle they realize about the other test.  just one of those days.  everything that could go wrong... meanwhile my oldest is in the hospital.  she's bipolar which runs in my mom's family and pretty much people dealt with it.  it's just a long haul to find the right combination of things and you can lead a pretty normal life.  the other three are just fine.  it is a constant worry. mike, wishes and prayers continue.  you're doing what you're capable of - probably beyond that.  all you can do is have faith. while i am pleased to see driver using normal spelling for color (shows he has a sense of humour) i'll greatly disagree on the white is a color.  i get that whole white is all colors but a better definition is white is all colors canceling each other out.  if i had a white car i'd feel like i was driving a refrigerator. saw a new soul in a parking lot today.  first time i looked close at one.  now while i would never buy one i thought they were probably the best spin on driving a box.  not that i see the point but it looked downright attractive next to say and element or a cube (faint praise indeed).  well, it looks like kia said "where's the ugly stick?" and batted around with it.  every change i see is for the worse. if i get to wanting a lot of space in not too big a package i'd do an outback or maybe a cx5. of course to get a cx5 with a stick you have to forego a stick.  where's the fun in that? hilarious but likely true. that's exactly the way i saw it playing out. sounds like you can do more looking after your dad at this point.  you sure have a lot to deal with mike, keep yourself as well as possible.  you are at your best for others when you are ok yourself.. good to hear from you again, glad you are back.  lol on your definition of white and your review of the soul.  and thanks for using the canadian spelling for "humour", you are very kind and <span style="text-decoration line-through;">  generous </span> person (oh, maybe not necessarily generous, but at least kind). we went on a tour of a mausoleum the other day...hope that is the right spelling of the word, if not consider it canadian spelling.  inside you can have a full casket or a little shelf area with an urn inside and room for some memorabilia if you wish.  some people had photos, or jewellery etc.  these two brothers were side by side and they each had a model of a ford f 150 in their display case, one yellow and one red. i guess they loved cars too.  also saw a tim hortons cup, some little bowling pins, and one display had a little slot machine.  i guess these were some of their fav <strong>  or </strong> ite things. sounds like a day of the dead altar. always liked those. , souls are cool. that's what we want to replace the van now that we've almost arrived (in nm that is). my wife has poo-pooed the optional interior lighting that "beats" with the music however. i assume that lighting that fluctuates with the sound can be turned off. friends have a kia forte koup' with that . would drive me crazy especially at night. souls are cool and on many levels the revamp is an improvement.  looks aren't one of them.  they had the only non-ugly box on the market and imo ruined it.  it's still ok but it's not an improvement. i'd still go with one of the non-kia options, though the soul seems to be their gold mine. i visited the m-b dealer this evening to take a look at this, which was unveiled yesterday and sits in their showroom to me it looks rather unattractive in the photos i've seen but i thought perhaps it would come across better in person. unfortunately i arrived around 7pm and was greeted with a sign on the door saying that they are closed until tuesday due to the labor day weekend. ah well, it gave me a chance to wander the lot. i saw the diamond silver color finally, on a 2013 e350 that has appeared on their used lot. it really is a silver blue, much more blue than silver. the car seemed wildly overpriced at $59k. the new brown e350 i mentioned that i saw on my last visit had been moved, and i was surprised to find it unlocked! i did not want to get in it for fear of a security car barreling in to arrest me, but someone dropped the ball on that. this dealer really needs to take a few more chances on color selection for inventory. if you don't want a new car in either silver or black, with a black interior, they have almost nothing for you. btw, , they had on their used lot a 2010 xf, black over tan, with only 24,000km (&lt;15k miles) for $29k. handsome car. low roofline, low seats, small narrow windows....looks good but it just doesn't work for me. i don't like the feeling of being in a bathtub and trying to look out, especially for a car costing a few bucks. i liked the looks of the passat c.c., looks like a mini-maybach.  could have got a one year old used one for the price of a new passat.  sat in it, and i got clostraphobia.  not only that, but it is small and uncomfortable....feel like i am lying down in a dentists chair. the higher the roofline the better.  i think a chrysler 300 would look much nicer if the roof was about 3 or 4 inches higher.  it would make it look like a limo instead of a 60s chop car.. passat c.c. imagine a chryco 300 with a 2 or3 inch higher roofline i read in a local paper where this dealer sells 500 cars a year. the gripe i had about colors is related to what they bring in for inventory. this applies to all models, not just e-class cars. they seem to think they are "safe" with that limited selection. this is the interior i want. i wouldn't care if it had a yugo on the outside. i tried to find a list of the most popular interior colors ordered.  you would think there could be such a list, it would really help you to order cars i would think.  of course, there must be regional differences....white is #1 in the us and world, but it is #6 in canada.  did you use records or did they calculate colors when you ordered cars? well, at this dealer it would take you maybe 10 minutes. 50 cars in black, with black interior. 40 cars in silver, with black interior 10 cars in white, with black interior just when you thought there was no more ways to waste money. never saw the logic in spending big money to build shrines to dead people. i guess some folks have regrets. as for me i told my wife to roll me into a cardboard box and put me out on the curb for trash pick up.  i threatened to come back and haunt her if she spent big bucks planting me. mike, no doubt you've been dealt a bad hand in life.  in your situation i'd be a basket case for certain. you must be a very strong individual. you have my respect. looks like it was driven through the mud off road. "...and i was surprised to find it unlocked! i did not want to get in it for fear of a security car barreling in to arrest me..." you're kidding, right? there are no crooks in canada.  you folks are so nice the worst that could happen would be that someone would get in there and detail it. "...equipping the cars was more difficult. how many sport models would i order over luxury models? what about advanced technology packages and upgraded sound systems vs. base cars or stand alone options..." most dealerships in my area order cars just one way--- loaded. tough to get serious when you want a basic model but the lots are loaded with models costing $10k more. i was just wondering about something.  if a smoker leased a new car, wouldn't they charge you something when you turned it in three years later?  after all, didn't you cause more depreciation by smoking in the car? richard is it just me or is this wrong? just saw a commercial for dodge dart where it was suggested that you "register" your dart like a wedding registry and let others buy it for you. "dad can buy the engine for your birthday". "grandma, the wheels" and so on. while as a marketing ploy it's brilliant, what does it say about the entitlement mentality of the younger generation? i always loved the 1984 seville.  the styling had a touch of rr in it.  classy car. richard just to be clearer.....wouldn't you have computer records to give you some idea of the most popular colors and equipment most people want?  for example, if 40% of the cars sold at your dealership were silver with black interior why not keep your inventory at that level? it sounds like you make an educated guess to decide what colors to buy.  when i bought books i could see how well the author sold the previous time, and know how many to order.  most ordering systems these days use past information to make buying more accurate. hope that is clearer and i am just curious....seems to be a lot of responsibility for one person who is just more or less making a guess - an educated guess i am sure - but, still a guess. that interior reminds me of my spanking new 1963 dodge dart convertible. the interior was done up nicely in the best quality red vinyl that money could buy. slant six with push button drive ! actually a pretty nice car for its day. well the market basket saga is over for now.  t signed the papers on wednesday and workers reported back to the stores and distribution centers.  they say it will take them a week or two to get back to full operation. although the family saga would make a great business school case, the future operation of the company would as well.  ceo of successful company with no debt returned high profits while paying high wages now has to do the same except with $1 billion in debt.  let's see what happens. make the family feel guilty that you don't have a nice shiny new car and feel that they should buy it for you. i think there is some chicken-and-egg here - if all you brought in for stock were silver/black cars, that is what you would sell the most, because i believe most people buy what is immediately available. god help you if you wanted blue paint with gray leather. i prefer the audi sr4, with a flat bottom steering wheel, and the red is a little more subdued; i think the colors ordered are based on the target population for the car model. luxury sedans are black - white and silver. check out the colors for mustangs and camaros and corvettes. i appreciate hearing the thanks. how do the low ground effects do in a 10-inch snow here in w. ohio? it sure is pretty. i see dealers ordering cars much like farmers ordering farm equipment. if a massey dealer is near, the fields will have red machines. if john deer is nearby, the fields get green machinery. same with kubota orange. people will buy the nearest, easy to buy vehicle in whatever colors the dealer ordered. it's called taking the path of least resistance.  that audi looks more like a black interior with a few red accents. at least the nissan example is not ashamed to be red. even worse than a cigar or cigarette "smoked out" traded in car were the ones with a strong dog odor.  a "dog car" can be sickening and there is nothing that will remove the smell. then there were the trades that had been used as "rolling restaurants" that reeked of sweaty kids, dogs, and food.  i once took in an odyssey that had so many cheerios under the seats that a family could have lived a month. and, of course, the people trading in those pig pens "knew" what they were worth! bottom line to that interesting drama never mix money and family.  been there, done that. as for attorneys, the clock starts ticking the moment that they answer the phone.  when we had to sue the evil bil because he cheated my wife out of farm property, the attorney ended up with half of what my wife got.  was it worth it?  maybe, maybe not.  the evil bil looks like he is about to do it again.  will we sue again?  not!  we have enough money to live comfortably and life isn't all about money.  you reach a point where peace and calm are so much more appreciated.  life has enough drama without seeking an oscar. richard for cigarette odors, the recommended removal is with an ozone generator that breaks down the smell  from the tobacco smoke that was deposited. does that work in cars or does the ozone deteriorate materials in the cars as well? another is a spray called iirc vamoose. on contact it liberates the odorous part of the oil smoke deposits. it works in apartments and homes. however, it needs to be sprayed on things like drawers and interiors of cabinets. so in a car, those areas would still have cigarette oil deposits. long ago, i looked at a cobalt or ion that had been a smoker's car. terrible. i didn't even shut the door because odor was too strong. you made a good point about the scale---from 77-86---not even a ten point spread.  interesting to see bmw and cadillac on the least favorite list.  as we all know, surveys are surveys and numbers are numbers. richard i thought about you when i saw the list.  good old gm! richard ...and then they leave with a triple black car because it's in stock. for those who remember, this could become another falcon crest or dynasty show. loved both of those. richard there's something wrong in the methodology of that survey relative to the conclusions they are drawing from the information. 4360 randomly-selected car owners who had bought within the last 3 years. as much as some might think i'd believe honda and bmw and audi belong in the bottom, i agree that the spread in point scores is too small. also, i suspect that people who are happy with their purchase of those cars, have held onto them and haven't made a purchase within the last 3 years. that skews the survey. for the purposes of this survey, is 4 thousand a large enough number for a reasonable confidence level in the results for each broad grouping of cars by manufacturer? i also want to know how these interviewed folks were selected. i used to be part of a federal government survey about crime (40 years ago). a person would show up about every 6 months and ask a list of questions as to any crimes with which i had observed or by which i was affected in my rural cincinnati community. there's something wrong here. it's like the surveys that say "everyone" is unhappy with their local public schools in the us, but then asked about their own local school people are usually satisfied. it's somewhat the same with people's evaluation of how government is operating. so i hear you saying you could do a better deal on an in stock unit over a dealer trade.  makes sense seeing there are extra costs involved with a dt. what about ordering a car configured to a specific customer's wishes?  assume that you will be taking delivery of a number of other cars at the same time and the customer makes a firm commitment to buy so you had no worry of getting stuck with an oddball car. would you have done that deal with the same discounts as an in stock unit? you're not ready yet because you just listed five ways of talking yourself out of it.  when you're ready, you'll list five reasons why you should own one.  take a sheet of paper and draw a vertical line down the middle.  list the positives on the left side and the negatives on the right side.  if you have more positives, then you're ready to buy.  good luck. richard my 97 chrysler was a smoker's and reeked pretty bad.  the salesman said they would set off a "bomb" and de stink it. the first one didn't work so they did a second which took out 90%. the remainder faded over time. always wondered what they used. your youth is now mental.  don't forget those legs getting in and out of the cute little car. richard i've also had convertible tops in tan, navy and white.  i had white over a navy body.  it was a beautiful combo but the nightmare from hell to keep clean.  the tan was over red and the navy was over navy. richard you certainly have had the year from hell.  you cope very well and i'm proud of you for that.  keep the faith and know that many prayers are being said. richard yep, new year's eve is a great time to buy a vehicle.  i'll never forget new year's eve of 2000.  i had been negotiating for a new honda crv that my wife loved.  the dealer just wouldn't meet my trade on the miata or the discount on the crv.  around 8 pm that night he called.  they were a car short on meeting their annual quota which was worth some sort of bonus from the company.  they were closing at 9 pm and he needed one sale.  he met my price on the crv but said that he just couldn't come up on the trade.  i cut him loose.  at 830 pm he called again.  he asked if i could be there in 15 minutes.  i flew out the door to sign papers on the deal of a life time.  either i was the only one home that evening, or new year's eve is a great chance to save bucks. richard here's the kind of customer any car salesman would love i ran into a couple of acquaintances today, both car nuts, and both benz aficionados. we went over to the closed m-b dealer where i was yesterday and they pointed out a car i missed (not sure how) a 2013 e-class amg wagon on the used lot, with 600km on the odometer. i had never seen one of these before and it looked unique for sure, with black alloy wheels and a menacing look. the story was that it was ordered by an absurdly rich fellow one of these guys knows slightly, who (he tells me) owns 46 vehicles plus a porsche racing team. he drove the car for only 200km and decided he didn't like it. so he either traded it back to the dealer for something else or has it there on consignment. there was no price sticker on the window so i don't know what they are asking for it. i can only imagine. what you do with 46 cars escapes me although apparently this guy has multiple residences in various parts of the world so i can imagine it gets a bit complicated. they also pointed out a new metallic gray s-class that might have one of the most lovely interiors i have ever seen - very light gray leather and gray birchwood dash trim that looks just incredible. they said it was the kind of car you buy for your girlfriend if you are very rich. i wouldn't know. but now i want some gray birchwood in my house. i got my '99 quest on new year's eve in 1998. left money on the table. the salesperson was a straight shooter (and i see his name at the chrysler dealer now and then where he's the internet manager or some such). anyway, he told me a few weeks later that the year end for nissan that year was january 3rd or so. i might could have held him up for another $1,000 bucks (which would have amounted to $67 a year for the time we owned it). hmmmmm, interesting. so it's the delay in booking the sale that makes car dealers adverse to ordering.  i see your point on the trade as well.  who knows what might happen in 2 months. so if i want my mustang with ceramic color interior and a specific exterior color with no other options other than auto tranny i should not wait hoping to cut a better deal later in the year? if the best i'll get is msrp i might as well get exactly what i want as early as i can. you mention cars being at the port ( as in a foreign manufacturer ).  might a dealer for a domestic brand feel different since he's not ordering a car from across the ocean? i remember back when my dad was buying new cars, the domestic dealers were quite willing to order a car to your specs. i think it was almost encouraged given the plethora of choices and options available back then. usually about 6 weeks later the exact car you wanted arrived. i can see it being  a bit different now given that most options are in packages and there is far less choice in terms of color combinations. bmw` makes a nice red + black interior too.  i don't think you will see a 100% fire engine red interior in a fine european car.  personally, i think it looks better with the black accents - too much red gives it a bordello look.(not that i would actually know.........) you must have missed the dr phil show i saw where a woman (about 60 yrs old) bought a property with her daughter as an investment.  it was worth about $120k and they each put in $60k.  the mother found a new boyfriend, wanted the current value of her half of the property paid to her, which would be about $90k so she could move across the country with her new boyfriend.  the daughter would have to come up with $90k to buy her out.  they settled after about 10 hours of mediation. ****the lesson  never go into business or loan money to a relative, it has 14x the chance of going very wrong.  ****i wish i heard that before selling my business to my sil. excellent insight!  that is a great way to solve his dilemna! btw...went to see my wife's mother today...she will be 102 yrs old in october.  300 miles round trip.  when i got back there were 30 posts! back in 1995 i ordered my 3 series with no issues whatsoever(aside from munich's futile attempt to make me take a hole in the roof). in 2007 i was all set to buy a new gti, but the local vw dealers acted like ordering a car to my specs was virtually impossible. i ended up with my ms3, which in retrospect was a much better choice- aside from the lack of heated seats... in 2010 i almost ordered a 128i m sport; my dealer expected delivery in no more than six weeks. at my advanced age i refuse to buy a new car unless it is equipped exactly the way i want it with respect to colors and options. if a dealer refuses to accommodate me they can go pound sand... no no, you are supposed to put the gray birchwood in your new mercedes.  talk about avoidance....and now you are looking at s models!  i guess if you are waffling you may as well waffle big. we special ordered the passat almost 2 years ago.  it took 6 weeks to come in, no problem. in the 60's chrysler tried to build cars with every combination....and they had fields of cars sitting there.  it almost put them out of business trying to move all these cars at the end of the year.  then, they found ways to only build cars as people ordered them....and it probably saved chrysler until we reached the fiscal cliff in 2008. excellent point!  don't forget my friend who paid $35k for a genesis because it had all the options he needed.  he liked the car for 2 months, then he thought it was boring....no fun. he traded it after 6 months and got the 2014 audisr4.  one dealer offered him $20k for the genesis, and the next dealer gave him $25k because they also owned a hyundai dealership. if he did it right the first time he could have saved himself over $10k!  get what you want when you want it (within reason). no, one of those two fellows i was with today has a s-class though, but he is in a different league than me. but since he has one, they are interested in the new ones and they dragged me to see it. what a gorgeous car. now i know how the other half lives. .  in a few years from now, you 'll be happy you did. wise advice. thanks. 2015 s class!  how is this for having every possible feature ever created by man the s-class. not only does it iron out bumps, it does so without a hint of floatiness. plus, the ride gets even better with the sedan's optional magic body control. utilizing a windshield-mounted camera, the car detects bumps and other imperfections in the road ahead and automatically adjusts the air suspension to compensate. we're not exaggerating when we say that large speed humps can feel more like pebbles. (from edmunds review) not sure how many of you guys here know this, but i'm in the market for a new car.  the lease is up on my 2011 bmw 328xi &amp; i'm trying to control my expenses.  a big way for me to do this is reduce my current ($572) payment.  i put all of my needs together and came up with a subaru impreza 2.0i (5 door) premium (one up from the base model) with the "all weather package (heated seats)." i test drove the car at a dealer in ny on my way home from work last week.  the salesman asked me a few questions, tossed me the keys, &amp; said "don't be too long, we close in 1/2 hour."  when i got back he asked me what i thought.  i told him it was "nice" and that i'll have to come back to do a more extensive test drive.  i didn't even ask him for a price. so while i'm waiting to go back there, i start looking at dealer inventories online.  there are plenty of subaru dealers around, but i always try and give the local guy a shot to earn my business. i saw subaru stamford has a white 2.0i sport limited w/ moonroof.  ok, it's more than i want to spend, but i'll take a shot.  sticker price on the car is $25,425.  they sent me an email with an "e-price" of $24,231. i email back and ask what their conveyance (doc) fee is.  $379. after i factor in their $379 doc fee and add it to their $24,231 "e-price," i get a price of $24,610.  $815 off sticker isn't what i was looking for at the end of the month on memorial day weekend. i just checked my email and got a "gentle" reminder from the salesman that "imprezas are in tight supply." the other dealer i contacted online is bill kolb junior subaru which claims to be the largest new &amp; used subaru dealer on the east coast.  i got an auto reply email thanking me for contacting them, then a voice mail this am saying the unit i was interested in was "sold."  then another email tonight saying how they take time and don't cut corners when they prep the car.  they say they have salaried consultants and are a one price dealership. i'll keep you guys updated. i bought my daughter an impreza sport premium last year with the all weather package. it's what subaru calls a 5-door, but it looks like a wagon to me. she loves it. for an additional $500 for the sport premium you get 17" wheels, roof rails, and fog lights. i like the way the "sport" looks.  those 17" gun metal wheels are cool. nyccarguy  ...after i factor in their $379 doc fee and add it to their $24,231 "e-price," i get a price of $24,610. $815 off sticker isn't what i was looking for at the end of the month on memorial day weekend. i just checked my email and got a "gentle" reminder from the salesman that "imprezas are in tight supply." if they were in such tight supply why were they willing to discount? gg, people love their suburus.  good story and well told.  i have one question....are you planning on leasing and are you getting a 2014 or 2015.  if you are buying, you should get a bigger discount on a 2014 or it would is probably better to get a 2015. i believe, at this time of year it will actually cost less to lease a 2015 because the resale (residual) value will be a lot higher. keep us posted. &gt; good question!  when i bought the florida passat that's what the saleslady kept telling me, they are selling so fast we are selling at full msrp.  that lasted until i told them i would pay $23k or start looking elsewhere.   $23k was the edmunds price...it was a good price for me and fair to them. i get turned off when they use that "old cliche" about tight supply.  at least come up with something more original. used cars a used car dealer in my area, blue knob auto, sold 884 cars in august. <strong>  that's a lot of cars </strong> , especially for a dealer in the middle of pennsylvania with the nearest big city 90 miles away. i've never bought a car from them, but my one daughter did (not the one with the impreza) and she's very happy with it. oldfarmer i think the "e" in "e-price" stands for expensive) driver the dealer i test drove with said the 2015s aren't coming out until mid-late november.  i'm looking to buy, not lease.  it is actually more beneficial for me to buy the current 2014 my rather than the next 2015 my due to the amount of miles i drive.  the miles are the same regardless, but it "looks" like i've driven less miles per year (since it is so far into 2014). , hoping my youngest will hold off until next spring to get a new car. i was thinking a subaru xv would work, but we will see. she can make her own decision, whether she realizes it or not. anyways, check out mitchell subaru. they have their inventory with discounts listed on their website. thanks.  they are up by you?  i'll check them out! supply." i don't know if you are stuck on the impreza (a fine car) but edmund's is much higher on the mazda 3, in this segment. you may have a different criteria, but did you check the 3 out? i know from reading your posts that you like a somewhat "lively" ride. plus there is a pending class action lawsuit against subaru over excess oil consumption. gg, the 2015 will be out later in november, so that salesman was honest...ha. seems the 2015s will have a rear camera as standard equip on all models. interesating way to look at it......lower mileage per year at trade in time.  still, shouldn't there be a larger discount on a 2014 at this time of year?   if you had to trade the car in say in april or june of 2015 for some unknown reason, you would lose a full years depreciation...probably about $3000.  i know you probably want to turn the bmw in before it gets more miles on it, or you will have to extend the lease.  i get why you are doing what you are doing, just weigh all the options and maybe consider houdini's mazda 3....not sure if it is awd though. drivers personal rule for buying a current model at the end of the year is to do it if you plan on keeping the car for at least 6 or 7 years, or, if you absolutely need a car right now.  the savings rarely equal one year of depreciation.(though in your case i see what you are doing and does make sense - if you keep the car for at least 3 years imho). , yes, they are a town or 2 north. i forgot this group posts they discounts for their cars. i understand the need to control expenses, but it seems like a big step from a 328xi to an impreza. are you sure you'll be happy with something like that? maybe treat it like giving up a bad habit, stepping down more gradually rather than going cold turkey? in france, they call a car like yours a "baker's car"--which is not a reflection at all upon the car in the french nuance, but upon the buyer. it comes from the smaller villages, where the baker is trying to look like the viscount. the american equivalent would be "look rich for cheap". your type of buyer probably hasn't got the financial clout to run 2 or 3 cars and have a mercedes "hobby car". that's my theory at any rate. probably because it will be their only car, read beater. sad end to such a nice car. an odd approach to the problem---he can just rent a car for a month. , fitzmall also sell subaru. he just has to get to where he is going in a benz...won't settle for anything less....even if it is 28 years old. explorerx4 looks good.  i still need to do some more digging.  it seems this mitchell gives healthy discounts, but adds on accessories to ever car they have.  i do like to make apples to apples comparisons. ab348 i know its going to be a step down, but it is something i have to do. driver100 thanks for the info about the standard backup camera for 2015. on another forum, there is an entire thread dedicated to "fake rich" cars and their owners which this would fit right in. in 1994 i took a course in how to be an entrepeneur.  one high flyer in the class wanted to be a marketing guy...pick up different lines and then promote them. he said he would buy about a 10 year old jaguar, they were fairly cheap, and since they basically look the same each year, clients will assume you can afford a (new) jaguar. well "fake rich" only works on other non-rich people, --so there might be some logic if your market was wanna-bees.  an actual scam-artist would just rent a new lexus, as might a legit person looking to pitch that one big deal to one big client. here in california, you have to pull a pretty big rabbit out of the automotive box in order for anyone to take notice. maybe a brand new amg benz or a tesla. that's true.  in approximately 1972, in my young and naive days, some guy got our number to sell golden products.  it was a pyramid scheme.  just buy about $10000 worth of soap, load up your garage, basement, and bedroom with boxes of soap, sell it to your friends, and you too could drive what he pulled up in.....just like this only red; i thought it was possible until we went to a meeting at some hotel and they showed a movie showing all these people smiling and talking about how golden products changed their lives and now they could live the good life.  the good thing was, it taught me to be skeptical about get rich schemes, nobody could be that happy unless they were on some kind of drug. i don't buy cars to make me happy. i buy cars to scare myself. now you're talking! boy mike was right on about there being no discounts on new mustangs.  just for giggles i did an edmunds search 200 miles from me.  found a base gt in nj at tom's ford.  probably not actually there yet but they had a price that seem low and mentioned "special offers". so like a dope i gave up my email and phone to see what was so special. their special price was $1 lower than their list price. that raises a question for me mike.  when i bought my 2008 bmw cariolet in august 2007 the dealer told me they would be alloted just 4 of this model for the first month...which would be november.  he said they sold 3 already and i had better order now or mine wouldn't come in until december.  btw....no discounts because they were selling out! i guess the question is, if they know they can sell all they can get orders for, will the dealer try to put you off if you order a stripped down model?  like you said, if he can only get so many, and he knows they will all sell ot, he may as well try to sell the most expensive models he can get. now wait a minute! as usual after i re read information i realize i didn't understand what i was seeing.  that $1 discount was something from edmunds not the dealer and when i rechecked the dealer's site against the edmunds price &amp; build and it looks like this dealer is listing his 2015 mustang gt for $400 under invoice. what am i missing? thanks for the answer, much appreciated. i think that if oldfarmer orders a mustang the way he wants he should try to get a 5% discount.  no one really knows if 2015 mustangs are going to sell out.  he may get a better deal if he places an order, the first ones may get bought up right away by the fans, and then a dealer and ford will be glad to make him one. i would talk to a dealer.  order the car exactly the way you want it. you would have nothing to lose.  if you don't get it at the first dealer just walk. if you find one you like you can go for it, if not, just sit back and wait until the dust settles. it sounds like a lot of money, but, it won't mean a thing in the big scheme of things.  i probably overpaid for some cars....but, i have no regrets - liked all my cars and if i am out a few $$$$s, i wouldn't know it. , i stopped at kolb last winter.  not far from the old homestead.  and was actually right around the corner from there on friday. my sil has decided on a forrester, and needs to get moving on it soon.  she lives up past albany, so i am limited here to giving her a target # and hoping her bf can take care of the rest!  she is hopeless on her own. i own 2012 impreza 2.0 limited with 5-door.  having just bought a 2015 outback, which is a brand new model this year, i'd recommend targeting 3% below invoice plus ttl. my father-in-law loves his 2014 forester.  perhaps you could help your sister through email negotiations with dealers near her?  essentially set the deal so she just needs to walk in sign paperwork. a woman at work bought a new forester and loves it.  it's gotten big over the years. roadburner, this may be of interest to you and anyone else that likes modified bmws. when it comes to the new mustang and all the excitement -- i don't think i want the first few months of production. also, i would want a thorough test drive to make sure it lives up to my own expectations before i placed an order. probably takes a lot of the fun out of it but six months of  patience makes sense. well i am back from the caribbean (hate the thought of going back to work tomorrow), well anyway, it would depend on the interest rates being offered. offer me 72 months at 0% and i will snap it up. i could always pay it off faster and i do keep cars for longer than 72 months. you will even pay less with a 72 month loan at 1.5% than you will with a 48 month loan at 4%. so it would all depend on what the particulars are. i think it is worth a shot, the most the salesman can say is no.  we may think the 2015 is going to be a huge seller but what if it isn't as big as everyone seems to think.  there isn't much profit in selling cars these days anyway.  the profit is in the servicing, and they really try to stick it to you there. no one wants to pay more than they have to, so by asking for 5% off you can get a sense of whether any discount is possible.  it might lead to a different strategy too, like wait for 5 months until the hoopla is over and there might be excess cars in stock. dolomite is a carbonate mineral that could be almost any color. i have seen a couple of episodes of "mom" (that's an hour of my life i will never get back) and it's not you that has no taste or sense of humor it is those who pick who wins emmys that has no taste if anything on that show won. i think it was motor trend that when that seville came out stated that "the garbage truck that ran into the back of that seville should have kept going". maybe they would have liked it more if the same styling cues were to have come from other manufacturers? ... oh wait. here's one. there's a strong resemblance in the shaping of the rear. i recall when the seville came out and that styling was likened to some earlier older style vehicles. i'll have to see if i can find a picture of the old cars. i have finally figured it all out about why the shows we don't watch or care to watch are doing so well via the emmy's and why the shows we did/do like are at the back of the pack.  here is my analysis *shows like "everyone loves raymond", "frasier", "seinfeld", "two and a half men" and the like, are situation comedies that require "logic, cerebral analysis, deductive reasoning, inductive reasoning, etc.," in order to appreciate the humor and the "read between the lines" punch lines, as well as excellent performers who deliver the humor.  additionally, shows like "perry mason", "ironsides", "murder she wrote", etc., were shows that required excellent actors to perform to perfection! today's situation comedies are very, very different - the actors are fed the lines and they deliver them as written without the need for the audience (us) to decipher or use advanced cerebral systems to derive the humor - it's put out there right in front of us and all we have to do is watch and listen. i remember the days of "seinfeld" when we would go to work the next morning and the discussion in the lounge or in the offices was all about, "...did you see...what did you think about...wasn't that hysterical...it was just too funny the way jerry's parents...etc., etc., etc.,"  not any more - there is no show on tv that is good enough for people to gather around the lounge or water bottle and discuss, at length, the intracasies of the humor. so that's my analysis of today's shows vs. yester-years shows. i tend to agree with you.  besides, that would give me an extra 6 months to obsess. btw, the dealer from nj emailed me back and invited me to come in this morning at 9.  i guess he didn't know i was 160 miles away.  asked him again about the below invoice price. we'll see. be interesting to see what that car sells for.  there might some real enthusiasts who would like a piece of history. we had an impreza back in 2005. it was my wife's car. we got rid of it 2 years later because it was too small for us. when going on any trip, it'd be a tight squeeze for the 2 of us. if friends came along, we looked like sardines. having said that, she still misses it and everytime when we see one driving around she gives me a hard time about selling "her" impreza. and my wife doesn't care about cars at all. so if the size is right for you, i'm sure you'll do great. also subaru offers invoice minus x pricing if you're part of several organizations. iirc, you can join leave no trace and then get the discount. good luck. according to edmunds there's about $2000 markup as i configured it. 5% would be $1775.  that would be a heck of a shot for a new model. &gt; that may be true of today's sitcoms, but there are plenty of shows that folks talk about the next day - game of thrones is one, and breaking bad, when it was on, was another. another thing to consider about water cooler talk is that so many folks time-shift their viewing now with dvr, tivo's, apple tv and the like, so not everybody watches the show when it is originally aired. i'm not a fan of the show "mom."  even so, it's not a normal sitcom.  it deals with very heavy issues such as alcoholism and cancer.  everybody loves raymond and two and a half men wouldn't be able to could never be able to do that.  the latter i watch solely for mindless escape and there is very little there that stimulates my brain. imho, modern family is one of the best comedies on tv.  it's full of inside jokes and breaks down the fourth wall. i think the real issue here is the age of the viewer.  i think we all hearken back to the past and see things as better.  i see the crud that my 14 yo daughter watches on disney and teen nick and shake my head.  but then i realize, i'm not the person it's written for. thanks verdugo.  it's a nice discount (invoice minus 2%), but you need to be a member for 6 months. don't you worry about stepping down.  you have set your goals for the future and it appears that you are sticking to them.  you'll be very glad later.  i'm proud of you. richard thanks for your vote of confidence richard, old cars in accidents. i found some old time pictures that i want to share. where was the iihs when they were needed? gonna need an alignment. others (1).jpg more yeh, but just go in acting dumb and you can ask for 5% off and he may come back at 3% off or 2.5. when i bought the e we agreed on the trade in first.  i didn't expect this fancy dealership to discount the e.  when he calculated the price i asked him where my 10% discount was.  we both laughed knowing that was ridiculous.  then i said it is a deal if you take 4% off.  he was really caught off guard, he hesitated, and then said yes.  it seems to me there was something that worked...maybe he knew i was serious but if i left he could lose me.  maybe it was better to make a sale without fussing around because i seemed to be knowledgeable.  maybe i should have tried for 6% off....who knows, but, if you are reasonable and are willing to come to a reasonable agreement, it should work.  of course, some dealers won't give much....that's just their business model......i'll have to have exhausted my options before i go down that road. i am not sure i am reading that right, but, the bmw 740 shown came after the 87 seville i am sure, and i think it was a slightly different look they were trying to achieve. the 87 seville looked more like this 1953 triumph mayflower.  there were many cars in the 40s that had the bustleback design.  my guess is the seville designers were trying to capture the romance of another era....but, kind of bungled it. the rear end of that 7 series car was actually a scientific masterpiece in a way. new european designs were up against some heavy design parameters. first, they had to deal with what were new euro-spec rear-crash protection standards, which were tougher than ever before.   bangle also had to deal with something tougher than a bunch of european bureaucrats — aerodynamics. it’s a sad fact of nature that if you want to cut wind resistance, keeping your vehicle low in the front and high in the back is a good rule of thumb. so, the car was designed to overcome these obstacles, and that's what it did...and sales numbers don't lie...people bought them. ithe bangle butt actually worked better on the 2003 to 2007 5 series, where it blended in more with the trunk.  these cars actually look better today than they did when they were new.  they are very distinctive looking, and the styling gives it a stately appearance. the seville certainly wasn't modeled after the mayflower. as for bungling, i'm not convinced it was bungled.  i don't find any pictures of cars which had the style the design was emulating. it was not accepted well and soon disappeared, at least until the bmw styling in the picture, which came later. i guess beauty is in the eye of the beholder. what brand cars are these? that '02 is interesting, but i'm not sure how much it's worth. the engine information is unique, but i'm not sure how big the market is for a decapitated and customized '02. i'd think it would be worth more if it still had a roof and stock trim. getting back to the engine swap, mchenry <strong>  was </strong> an engine guru in the bmw community,  but there are dozens of 2002s  running around with m20 and m5x engine swaps. there are even a few '02s equipped with e30 m3 motors- informally referred to a "m2s" as tweaked 2002s go, this is more my style i thought that the e65 7er and e60 5er were stylistic abortions- just like the bustle-back seville. most bimmer enthusiasts vilified the "bangle butt." you don't have anything to lose by asking. aim to get that price. "look, i like you mr, dealer. can you give me this price now or should i wait 6 months until my membership discount kicks in and i come back?" "why yes, mr, nyccarguy, i'll be happy to give you invoice minus 2% right now rather than risk you not coming back in 6 months." *** then end *** both weren't the best of designs, people loved or hated both...mostly hated. and then there were these beauties....1979 buick century.  i was working for a division at warner brothers and they were renting these for the sales staff.  we were so excited we were moving up from 1976 plymouth furies to 1979 buicks.....until we saw them!  omg.  one guy got a green one with a brown interior. i think the design only lasted one or two years. btw.....what are the cars in those pictures? i enjoyed looking at those old time car wrecks. in those days, it didn't take much of an accident to get killed. heck, that was even the case in the 50's. - the 1980 seville was not inspired by the triumph mayflower. it was, though, inspired by the 1950s rolls royce silver wraith styled by hooper. here is an example there were lots of that bustleback seville sold in this midwest area during their new era. but i can't recall the last time i've seen one in the wild. nor can i recall seeing one at car shows/cruise ins. not a one. but, on the other hand, i've seen many cadillacs that have been preserved or restored. that's kind of odd. now that's stately and beautiful. locally there are a few first-generation sevilles around that have been well-preserved. aside from perhaps paint i think they must be mostly original cars. can't imagine trying to restore one. the second generation cars are just not to be seen in these parts. i do remember driving one when new. i was a flunky working at my first job just out of university and got invited to join the owner of the company i worked for and our controller for lunch one day. they both had several drinks at lunch and asked me to drive them back to the office. the controller had a new bustleback seville. all i remember about it was that it had the lightest, lowest-effort power steering i ever experienced. zero road feel and almost zero effort to steer. awhile back we were discussing watches and someone mentioned getting an expensive watch (a brand i cannot recall) at a big discount on a cruise. well a few days ago i was on a cruise when they held a sale on invicta watches. man that was a feeding frenzy but i managed to sneak in and found a watch with a msrp of $800 priced at $120 (85% off). nice looking and feeling watch that i came very close to buying but decided against it (i normally carry a pocket watch when i carry a watch). that looks more like a seville, but, somehow, it looks better on the rolls. there seems to be a few oddities about the cars people make into classics.  chevrolet outsold ford almost every year in the 50s, with the big exceptions being 1957 and 1959.  you would think people would make a 57 ford the real catch...but, for some reason the 57 chevy became the big classic car.  i think the ford should be the more coveted car, it is a much more creative design. it's just a personal choice i guess, that's why some people buy fords and some chevs (or mustangs and camaros, etc etc.) we agree on that. i like the 57 ford high line much better than the chevy. must be the engine or maybe the chevy had better handling, etc., that made it the preferred vehicle of many. was the ford a truly new car compared to the 56 ford or was it just a different body poured onto the same chassis? that idea sticks in my memory from somewhere; as new as the ford looks, it was based on the earlier chassis. i had a 57 as my first car of my own in the household. 2-door sedan with fake chrome over the posts to mimic a hardtop. neat. there is a great 57 ford site that says the 57 ford was technologically advanced in many ways at the time.  here is part of what it said; for 1957.....there's a big new kind of ford with the touch of tomorrow!  this brilliant new automotive package is bigger, easier to enter, roomier than ever. yet it's lower...so low that a man of average height can rest his elbows comfortably on its top!  and longer....you're never seen such graceful contour of its sculptured-in-steel body says, "let's go" what kind of magic made this miracle possible?  it all started with a new inner ford.  for ford engineers reinvented the automobile.  they developed a revolutionary contoured frame......a built-for-keeps body...a new type of low-slung drive...a new level-ride suspension....a wide range of new higher-compression engines.  these are but a few of the reasons why this kind of ford rides silent, solid and secure. i remember the ads showed a businessman could sit in the drivers seat and reach down and pick up his briefcase, because the car was so low. this gives the idea of how low the 57 ford was; if you go on the site there are lots of good sections...history, color choices, ads etc. well a day of firsts and lasts just got started.  my son just left for his last first day of school and his sister was in the passenger seat for her first day of high school. interesting post. i was wrong on the year where the skin was new but the underpinnings were essentially carry overs--that was the 1960. "the engines were carried over from the 1959 ford, as was the basic chassis design, but the sheetmetal was updated." --1960 ford - wikipedia my dad had a 59 ford and then a 60 meteor which was a canadian version of a ford (different grill, rear, chrome).  the 59 ford was a great car at the time, the 60 tried to be more flashy, but some things didn't quite work.  they had to add guides on the side of the hood because you couldn't see where the sides were, and, once he clipped a fin pulling out of a parking space...hit the parking meter when driving out....that shouldn't happen. 1960 meteor rear of a 60 meteor compared to 1960 ford galaxie that picture has lots of 53/54/56 mercurys in the background when enlarged that can be seen very well. the blue green '60 ford next to the red one is like the one dad bought as his last new car. had regular hub caps instead of wheel covers and 6-cylinder with manual transmission. my dad bought a new ford, meteor or mercury every year or two during the 50s, 60s and 70s and into 80s. i guess he was a chronic car buyer before his time.....before we knew it was addictive. he did travel for work so put on 40k miles a year.   doing that research brought back some good memories of the 50s and 60s. memories of the 50's and 60's?  i have trouble remembering the 70's and 80's as well as what i did yesterday! having owned both a '57 chev and '57 ford in the distant past, i can recall, at least subjectively, that the '57 chevy was better built, drove better, ran better, held up better, was faster. the ford was more attractive to my eyes, however, as i thought the '57 chevy fins just a bit too much. the ford really felt like a "crate". my grandfather had a '57 chevrolet belair sedan until 1962 and my other grandfather had a '57 ford sedan until 1965.  way back then, people kept their cars much longer than they do today. i remember driving both of them when i got my license in 1961 and i would have to agree with you that the chevy handled much better than the ford.  the ford seemed to fishtail more and the weight distribution was awful.  the ford seemed a bit more powerful than the chevy and the  ford was lower to the center of gravity than the chevy. in short, the ford was bulkier and bouncier than the chevy! i grew up (?) in a " chevy town" but i know there were "ford towns" too. 1957 fords were said to have poor workmanship compared to the chevys and i remember a 283 equipped chevy could flat walk away from a 312 ford. a 1957 dodge d500 could make either look like a six cylinder. that only applies to you mike!! in reality, people are keeping cars longer and longer.  back in 1970 (first year i could find data for), the average age of cars was 5.6 years.  in 2000, it was 9 years.  today, it's 11.4 years. i look at my three cars and i'm at 8.8 years average. check out shophq.com for a treasure trove of invicta watches (and many other "made for tv" brands...).  oftentimes with 6 payments same as cash.  similar discounts across the board.  for some reason, when i come across their watch show on tv (sunday/monday nights, sometimes more.  i think they sell a lot of watches on tv!), i get mesmerized (being a psuedo-watch guy). i've got a couple from them, not fancy, but functional, especially my diver watch w/japanese automatic movement. i heard that number the other day...average age of a car today is 11 years!  i am wondering if a reason is because people have more 2nd cars these days, and so the mileage gets broken up between them, and one car won't be used nearly as much. when i heard that statistic they said it was because todays cars last longer.  it seems to me that you could probably get 200 or 300k miles out of a car today fairly easily....i don't remember cars going more than much over 100k in the good old days...50s and 60s. my father had a 57 ford, my uncle a 57 chev, and i think i would say the same.  the chev was pretty rock solid, the ford...not so much.  i believe chev made a much better 6 cyl engine, but ford was good with their 8s.  chevys were finished off nicer, and somehow that style became a classic, i think because of the bullets on the hood.  ford certainly looked more modern at the times...longer, lower, wider......but futuristic isn't always better for nostalgia purposes. one more....when wagons looked like wagons..... in 1970, there were were 89.2 million registered cars in america and a population of 203.3 million - so about 43% penetration.  in 2010, there was about 252.4 million registered cars and a population of 308.7 million - 82% penetration.  i think it's more cars per family/household and that the cars of today can go much longer than in 1970. when i was a kid, my dad used to get a car every 3 years.  mind you, he drove a lot - maybe 15k miles a year and he didn't trust cars beyond 50k.  my mom eventually got a car because she worked and she couldn't take the bus to work anymore.  very few families in my neighborhood had two cars and i recall many who didn't have one at all. today, there are 3 cars in my household and some homes in my neighborhood have a car for every kid and adult. cars lasting longer and people keeping them longer is not the same thing. that's about how i remember it too.  my dad travelled for a living and got a car at about every 50k miles, which was usually every other year.  since he travelled we always had a 2nd car for my mother.  since his car was important...his livelihood, i could only drive the 2nd car, once a vw, once a hillman, and once a corvair.  no other families had 2 cars for quite awhile. i guess that's where i find it hard to share my car.  like i told my wife, i don't let anyone else use my toothbrush, my underwear, or my car. my dad had a drugstore and my mom was a nurse, and they always had two cars as long as i can remember. dad's favorite was a '53 buick special that lasted forever. he got it new and i got stopped by a trooper in it when i was 13. he finally sold it a couple of years later, rotten floorboards and all. mom meanwhile got a new wagon every 3 years or so. when i got my license she had switched to a gmc truck that she kept longer than usual and then got an impala that she drove at least a decade. her last car was a protege that she drove 15 years before she quit driving. mostly i remember those old cars in the 50s and 60s always having flats, overheating, and being in the shop a lot of the time. i hate the idea of the attendant at the dealer driving my car in for service.  i might have a stroke if i had to lend it to someone to use.  which is why i made sure to have something to share with my daughter that i had no real interest in! awhile back i did a mental inventory of the cars dad had when i was growing up and i was astounded at how often he traded cars. he went into the real estate business in the early '60s and had to have a decent car to take clients around in, but i had no idea he traded as frequently as he did. before my time '55 ford sedan (his first brand new car) '56 ford crown vic (first car i have a vague memory of) '59 ford '61 meteor '62 ford consul (british) '63 pontiac laurentian (chevy belair trim level) '65 pontiac parisienne (4-dr ht) '63 pontiac parisienne (business setback caused him to trade down) '66 olds dynamic 88 (4-dr ht, loved this car) '67 ponitac parisienne (4-dr ht) '69 chevy impala sport coupe (awful car) '71 dodge monaco (4-dr ht, great car) '68 volvo 144 (gas crisis car) '73 volvo 144 '74 ford maveric '75 amc hornet sportabout '78 ponitac lemans grand safari '79 chevy impala ;81 olds omega '84 dodge aries wagon '90 dodge dynasty (his last ride) like ld said, there are a bunch of those "made for discounting" watch brands out there.  i'm wearing an invicta right now with a miyota automatic movement.  keeps great time.  i can knock around in it.  i think i paid less than $!00 for it 2-3 years ago.  i've taken showers with it.  worked in the yard with it.  washed cars with it.  played golf with it.  aside from some desk rash on the underside of the band, it looks new.  probably have received more compliments on it than i ever did on a $3k+ tag huer i wear when i dress up (which is also a favorite brand on cruise ships). some of the other "high value" watches out there in addition to invicta.....stauer, skagen, android, renato, stuhrling, swiss legend. and a bunch more at that "shophq.com" site (which used to be shop nbc).. heck...i"ve seen some pretty nice deals on those citizen watches on cruise ships.  and, citizen makes some pretty nice watches. other sites.... jomashop.com worldofwatches.com ok confession time for me....i got screwed on my recent lease. the sad thing is i know better as i have leased cars before but this dealer zinged me. it was a ford dealer. here is the story...i emailed several dealers to get the best price on the vehicle. i was actually at first going to purchase and then later decided to lease. so i got the dealer where i had originally test drove the car to match the price of another dealer, this was a very good price...about $1k under invoice. so i march in friday evening to do the deal. they run my credit..it comes back at 785 and i ask if that qualifies me for the best lease rate...the sales rep says yes. usually when i lease i always use edmunds to try and find the money factor, residual, etc. for this vehicle though i could not find a forum where this info was available. this made me fell a little uneasy but i had never had a dealer manipulate either on me...so i went with trust....first mistake. they drew up the papers and the monthly payment was in line with a quote i had received from anotehr dealer about a week earlier. so a few days go by and i talk to a friend who leased the same car and his payment is much lower. i compare our leases. my rent charge is 4 times higher than his. ouch. the lease apr money factor is .25 for this vehicle according to kyfdx...i finally was able to contact him for this info. i was charged 2.7%. information is power in any negotiation and unfortunately i didn't have all the info prior to signing. i specifically asked the dealer if my credit qualified me for best lease rate and they said yes. that was an obvious lie and that really gets me. at this point i don't think i have any recourse....or do i? would appreciate any advice on the topic. that six that ford was building in those days were actually pretty good engines that lasted a long time.  i'll give an edge to the chevy 235's though. the y block fords just couldn't match the performance of the 265/283's that chevy used. they also had upper oiling problems which became even worse if pennzoil or quaker state oils were used. mike's answer seems right on koctailz.  he's the one who sold cars. what the heck is a "rent charge"? also, out of curiosity, what are your buy back rates like?  this doesn't look like a factor here, but occassionally that can make a difference in rates. a local dealer [big one] said that when he started selling cars in the early 60's there were lots of folks driving "old cars."  i guess he meant beaters.  he said that now you rarely see really old cars that show their age. he makes sense since even folks who can't afford a decent car can get one thanks to subprime lending. bodies and paint are holding up better too. , paying 4 times as much interest seems like a big deal on the surface, but it would help to know, what vehicle did you lease? maybe you are only paying a few extra bucks and you lost bragging rights. i thought that only new jersey had any sort of cooling off period for leasing and it was just 24 hours for you to review to contract? , you can write up a here (and on yelp, google+, dealer rater, etc.). venting may not help get your deal redone, but it'll put more people on notice that they need to pay attention to the numbers, especially at this dealer. seems to help to get prequalified and invite the dealer to meet or beat your rate if you finance. dealers make money just packaging loans right? so you may get a better rate than your bank or cu gave you and the dealer can still make a few bucks. lots of buyers are surprised by that - guess most of them expect to take it in the shorts on everything at the dealer. &gt; i haven't seen rates go up.  not on car loans. mortgages, yes, car loans, no.  i belong to 3 credit unions, one is at 1.59%, and the other two are at 1.99%.  a year ago, the low was 1.99 and the high was 2.49, from the same 3 credit unions. the plot thickens i received a follow up email from the dealership here in stamford "we recently provided you with a quote for a subaru impreza. please confirm you have received it-feel free to give me a call or reply this email." so i fired an email back saying that i'm interested in a legacy instead of the impreza. 2.5i premium with eyesight. i list the vehicle's msrp &amp; invoice just to make certain he knows what i'm looking for. he then quickly replies "you got the msrp perfect, invoice is $24,622, you can order for that amount plus $379 conveyance for a taxable $25,001. please allow 8-12 weeks for delivery." no we are getting somewhere. i'm going to see if i can drive it tomorrow after work. interesting point that he's telling me the invoice is $24,622, but when i calculate it here on edmunds, it comes out to $24,277.  why the $345 discrepancy? there's definitely "hidden profit," the dealer's fee is $379, &amp; he's lying to me). maybe the dealer just had a new toilet installed and when the dealer got the bill for the toilet he asked why so much and the plumber said parts are high and he said where do you get your parts and he said from bradd. bada bing an extra $379. that lease discussion is a perfect segue to my story from tonight.  stopped to test out an accord.  at the end, asked for a lease quote.  salesdude wanders off.  i predict they are going back at about $300. she takes over, and wins.  comes back at $1500 down, about $348/mo.  seems nuts.  so i ask for residual and mf.  57% (seemed low, but was on a 2014).  but mf was .0027, or 6.14%!  ouch. so, i question the numbers, and get a response about how they take worst case and show that, just in case your credit is crap, so they don't have to up the quote.  never saw that before.  plus, some of the fees did not even apply.  about the only "real" number was was the selling price (which was actually pretty good i think). when i questioned everything (and converted the mf to an interest rate), he acted almost guilty and tried to explain how when they ran credit, if it was good the payment would go down.  yeah, right.  more likely if you had no clue, and just bit on the payment (seeing the big discount on the top line), guess what, you were getting that payment! i was explain this to the wife while we were waiting.  she had no clue how it worked, or the shell game they were doing, which imo was exactly the point. once i flagged it all, and was ready to leave, the manager came over, promising me his best "wow me" price, assuming i really did have good credit.   and of course, pushing to take it tonight.  that payment (same sales price) suddenly dropped to $275.  slightly more in line with what i was expecting. they actually had the same trick on the buy section.  a nice matrix of dp and monthly nut, just at the 3.29% "mediocre credit" rate, instead of the .09% good credit hfc rate.  pretty sure anyone that did not question it was getting bumped. really rubbed me the wrong way.  not that it would matter to me in the end, but still, just seemed sleazy. jersey has no cooling off recourse.  you sign your name and drive over the curb, and you own it. _ drive over the curb, and you own it._ i wonder how long you can leave the car there before the contract sets in stone. next time i buy a new car and it's sitting in the new car delivery space, i think i'll order chinese just to see how long i can go before making the transaction "official". when you drive off, do the salesguys put a tick mark on the board and do high fives? at the honda dealer i was at tonight, they actually ring a big bell when a sale is made. when i dumped the old bronco on them trading for the first mustang the salesguy asked why i traded it in. i responded..."i heard you guys were big laydowns" he laughed pretty good. seems to me there are two kinds of dealers.  one kind is pretty good in that they give you a decent price up front, you do have to work a bit at getting a good discount and a good trade allowance...but, once they know you are knowledgeable they go with the flow and don't play games.  the sales manager at the audi dealership - which is in a high income area said, we deal with business people so they know the score. the other kind of dealer you have to watch like a hawk.  they are out to get you any way they can.  the vw dealer in st petes started out like that but once i told them it was their last chance...my price or i walk they came around.  i think it is the way of the business...they test the waters to see what they can get a way with. is it a ct dealer?  if so then that is new england subaru's charge.  remember the new england states have a distributor (ernie boch) and they charge more than surrounding states. i watched a program once (could have been 60 minutes) where these guys were selling really crappy used cars.  on one car they actually glued the door handle onto the door. some guy came in, bought the car, and drove off. the salesmaen were sitting around laughing their heads off and giving high fives at the moron who bought the car....nice! that's a lot better than the "paging dr. firestone to 1345 stat" follow by some other code pages. i didn't know that boch was their distributor. i wonder if you can get a better deal if you buy a subie from one of his dealerships. i don't know how i feel about ernie boch. we get the boston tv stations on cable here and a few years ago he was all over them, doing his own commercials with his "come on down!" schtick, appearing on phantom gourmet and picking up the tab with his amex black card for this over-the-top dinner thing they did, etc. lately though he only appears in animations preceding pbs shows that he sponsors and they show him with long hair, rockstar facial hair, etc., looking not at all like the slick car salesman ernie boch. he seems to like playing music now. i gather he is as wealthy as midas. i understand his grandfather started it all with a rambler dealership back in the '40s/'50s. how things have changed. i didn't think about that.  subaru of america is a separate distributor from subaru of new england.  i'm so close to ny &amp; work in ny that sometimes i forget i actually live in new england)  so the guy 10 minutes down i-95 in rye, ny should have cheaper pricing plus a $75 doc fee as opposed to a $379 doc fee. i'm working the pga tournament in denver this week - i'm on the vip player transportation committee, which allows me to drive bmw's to and fro (x5d's and 750il's for the most part). anyway, rory's manager and agent come into the transportation tent with a question. one of them has a box that he sets on the desk. turns out it's the claret jug rory won back in july at the british open. and, we were allowed to hold it! i know the picture is sideways - edmunds does that with pictures from my iphone. this was the highlight of my week. common issue apparently with exif. only real fix it seems, at least for viewing on desktop browsers, is to edit the photo to rotate it, save and post the new version. my son went to the pga championship at valhalla; on sunday he ran into one of his friends and got to sit in a reserved seat at 18 with her and her father(her father is loaded- i keep asking rb jr. why he isn't dating her) man, you should see some of the beaters that roll around in salt states.  once the body starts to rot it doesn't make sense to throw money away on mechanical repairs. i've owned several older cars with relatively low milage that turned to crud.  when things like mirrors broke or seats ripped or fenders got dented it was strictly duct tape time. , your photo is fine on the ipad. a handsome chap. congrats on the big win.  when you are about 90 you can show that pic to your great grand kids and tell them about the time you won "the open". photo works fine and goes into portrait mode on laptop after i click it to enlarge it. my guess is the ad fee.  does edmunds list one? ha ha ha maybe bradd should start charging a "flush fee" on all his products. buyer's remorse can be painful. people buy or lease cars and then they talk to others to find out they paid too much. or did they?  i've seen a lot of bragging and puffery in internet forums.  i've seen "prices paid" that i know never happened. did these people "forget" what they actually paid?  was a trade in under valued? my best advise is, once a purchase has been made, forget it and just enjoy your new car or whatever it is you bought. if you go to a forum and ask " did i pay too much"? i can guarantee someone will quickly rain on your parade! thanks for all the info guys... rent charge description shows...the amount charged in addition to the depreciation and any amortized amounts...i have always understood this to be the total amount of interest paid on the lease. this is in california, maybe different states do it different? also $15950 is residual. i leased a 2014 ford cmax energi. i bought it for the carpool stickers basically! this vehicle receives a $6500 lease rebate and the way that is calculated in the lease is very convoluted and i spent a lot of time reviewing this instead of the lease rate. as far as getting pre-qualified, sure for a loan that is simple, but for a lease i don't see how that is possible? i will definitely review the dealer on here, yelp, etc but there ratings are so bad  to begin with i don't think it would hurt them anyway. i wanted to do the deal with a local dealer as that is where i test drove, i dealt with their internet dept thinking that would help me cut through some of the b.s., the sales guy was very informative and knowledgeable. i am insurance agent and could send them business if they gave me a fair deal. yes, i signed the deal and it's on me, but i really do not like being lied to like i was and i will let the dealer know this when i visit. i will definitely not service my vehicle there, etc. in some ways i feel the customers and the dealers are to blame for this sort of trickery. many customers now will email many dealers in the area and disect the deal and suck every last penny to make sure they are getting the best deal possible. there are so many places now to find info on vehicle prices, edmunds, truecar, etc. the dealers feel backed into a corner and have to resort to lies and trickery to make some $. i don't blame them in many ways, but in the long run i feel they lose out with a bad reputation and losing lots of referral business. what you say is true.  shoppers come in determined to squeeze every last penny out of a deal.  they think making a profit is something evil.  they spend weeks pitting dealer against dealer in their zeal to buy a car for the lowest price. i've literally seen people drive hundreds of miles in order to "save" 200.00 on a car. so, a lot of dealers fight back by trying to make a decent profit deal once in awhile. nothing wrong with that unless they get dishonest. they told you that you qualified for the best money factor.  they just didn't give it to you. it sounds like you already knew they had bad reviews yet you still did business with them? it's no wonder the business has the turnover that it has. as far as repeat and referral business.  i know in my last few years, i thrived on this business but, sadly, some of my "loyal" customers could have been lured elsewhere for a few bucks. service customers were the same way.  they were "loyal" until the warranties ran out. my philosophy has been to find a dealer with an honest and competent sales and service department- <strong>  <em>   and stick with them  </em> </strong> . sure, i might save a couple of hundred bucks running all over the place shopping prices, but for me it simply isn't worth it. my bmw and mazda dealers both give me first-class treatment and i'm not about to throw them overboard to save a few dollars here or there... i share your philosophy but, sadly, the world seems to have changed and loyalty seems to have been all but forgotten. were it not for my loyal customers i would have left the business long before i did. i think of the old saying about those who know the price of everything but the value of nothing. and while i might look at another brand of vehicle-doubtful-if i am buying a new or cpo bmw or mazda i will only go to "my" dealerships. ... "they told you that you qualified for the best money factor. they just didn't give it to you" that is semantics...say what you mean. you can arrange the words however you want but to me its a lie. like i said i am an insurance agent and also for me if it were not for my loyal customers i probably would be out of business as well and that loyalty has to be earned and maintaned every day in every interaction with my clients. of course one big differencet between my business and car sales is i have renewal commison and in auto sales you are only as good as your last sale. in the insurance industry we are seeing a real emphasis on price...especially in auto insurance. this is due to the constant geico, etc advertising emphasizing the lowest price. it's a race to the bottom. then when someone has a claim they find out in many cases they get what they paid for. my pet peeve is giving people used car advice. so i listen to them, what they say they want, how much they have to spend, what kind of car they need.....then i comb all my resources, makes calls into my network of dealers, repairs shops, friends, and come up with a few good solutions. next few days i hear "oh, we didn't buy your friend's used lexus that he just went through mechanically and had detailed in his shop, because we thought the price was higher than "book"---but we did find the cutest little mini cooper with 156,000 miles on it at ace auto sales and we bought that.....hello? hello? shifty?" we have used the same state farm agent for many years and intend to stick with him. yes, we could probably save a bit of money but if "something" should happen such as a couple of accidents or tickets we won't get dropped.  so far, never a claim. i've heard that a lot of the companies that do all of the advertising will drop a person like a bad habit if they have a claim or get a couple of tickets. that's actually ernie boch jr.  his dad, i believe, really built the boch biz on the norwood "automile."  ebj carries on the "come on down" tradition, but i believe he is mostly a spokesman, that the boch business was sold.  not sure if that's a fact.  he is a musician, has a band ernie and the automatics.  built a nice, gated mansion in kind of a non-descript neighborhood just off rte. 1.  bought a neighbor house or two and expanded.  and yes, worth a buck or two... oh, i feel your pain! even my wife tells me these days that i should just stay out of it because people are going to do what they want in the end anyway (and she's tired of hearing me complain that they didn't take my solicited advice). said this before....i shop insurance companies every 3-4 years.  just to keep them honest.  i haven't had a chargeable accident in so long, i can't remember when it was.  certainly a long, long time ago.  i can't even remember the last time i had a speeding ticket.  so, there is no reasonable reason to raise my rates.  but, when they do, it's not by a little. that's why i shop them. i have been with state farm for about 5 years and i've yet been able to beat their premiums.  so, they must have made a conscious decision not to get beat by the geicos, centurt 21s (who was my last carrier), progressives of the world. buying cars....i'll never buy a car from a dealer whom i didn't trust.  don't know why one would.  but, if i'm buying a bmw, or an acura, or a honda, or a toyota, or a mercedes....i have my "guys" who know i offer skinny deals, but i'm also an easy customer.  i know the price i want to pay.  i offer it.  sign the papers.  quick in and out.  easy-peasy! the dealers who try to grind every nickel out of me, who want to bump me for hours on end, who have "additional dealer fees", etc aren't going to be the ones i buy from.  they usually don't believe me when i tell them i'm making one offer, and one offer only, all inclusive...offer includes everything...taxes, title, docs...everything.  i tell them up front.  some tell me that's the way they like to deal.  yet some, even after hearing that, will try to bump me (which is when i walk). geico declared war on radar detectors so i will <strong>  never </strong> patronize them. thanks for taking the time to explain a "rent charge", i have leased vehicles in the past ad i never heard of that one.  and for getting back to us, often the guys give great advice and we never hear back. i'm like you, i ran my business as honestly and fairly as possible, and that is how i like to be treated too.  i think it would be worthwhile to ask for an appointment with the owner/or manager and just let them know you aren't pleased with the way things went.  don't argue or get into a shouting match, just state clearly thet the salesman pulled a fast one and you will notify the manufacturer and you will send in a very poor report if they ask send you a report.  also, you will give the dealership a poor rating on any consumer websites. if nothing else, you might feel better telling them this.  but, i stress, do it in a professional manner and never lose your temper or you will lose for sure.  there's a small chance you may get compensated. nope - boch doesn't have a subaru dealership.  i think it might be due to boch enterprises owning subaru of new england - not wanting to compete with his customers.  besides, sofne gets a cut of every car sold and is the exclusive supplier of subaru accessories in new england. i don't know how i feel about ernie boch. we get the boston tv stations on cable here and a few years ago he was all over them, doing his own commercials with his "come on down!" schtick, appearing on phantom gourmet and picking up the tab with his amex black card for this over-the-top dinner thing they did, etc. lately though he only appears in animations preceding pbs shows that he sponsors and they show him with long hair, rockstar facial hair, etc., looking not at all like the slick car salesman ernie boch. he seems to like playing music now. i gather he is as wealthy as midas. i understand his grandfather started it all with a rambler dealership back in the '40s/'50s. how things have changed. ernie boch, jr.'s grandfather started it all with a nash dealership back in the 40's.  his father, ernie, sr. built that into one of the biggest rambler dealerships in the us and addeded dodge as well.  he was one of the first toyota dealers and started the subaru distributorship.  he is the one credited with creating the "automile" in norwood, ma and is the originator of the "we pay cash for our cars so we pay less and pass the savings on to you.  come on down." jr. grew up in the business and is still the owner.  my understanding is that he has surrounded himself with smart managers and is very intelligent about the business.  but he knows when to take the advice of his managers.  he is in his mid 50's and seems to be going through a mid-life crisis with the long hair, van [non-permissible content removed] and the band.  but music has always been a big part of his life and he uses it as the basis of his foundation. today, boch has 2 toyota, 2 scion, 2 honda dealerships and a ferrari/maserati store. and yes, he's loaded. here's sr. <span class="videowrap">  <span class="video youtube" data-youtube="youtube-qckkpzrywau?autoplay=1">   <span class="videopreview">   </span>   <span class="videoplayer">   </span>  </span> </span> and jr. with his kids <span class="videowrap">  <span class="video youtube" data-youtube="youtube-ydzhza7qcvo?autoplay=1">   <span class="videopreview">   </span>   <span class="videoplayer">   </span>  </span> </span> , watching that ad with the oldsmobile's in it, i couldn't help but think of the movie fargo. yes- that will definitely hit them where it hurts!!! sometimes ignorance is bliss. a guy at work just leased a 2014 accord lx for $89/ month.  he was very proud of this.  seeing that some members of this board are doing the same i inquired about the deal. he said he got the deal by putting $4000 down! i think he could have gotten $198/ month with $1000 down and $260/ month with zero down. he had no idea what his money factor was but he did say his wife went for $700 mop and glo. i didn't want to rain on his parade. . mike's point about the sales survey does show you have some leverage. i'm sure the salesperson said something like, 'you may be getting a survey in the mail from ford motor company. if for any reason you can't complete it as completely satisfied, let us know.' maybe you can think of something reasonable to negotiate. i doubt if they are going to renegotiate the contract, though. one caveat, you have to actually get the survey. i had a bad sales/delivery experience one time, and couldn't wait to fill it out, but it never showed up. i called customer service and told them i never got the survey. they said it was sent out and asked to verify my information. it turns out my address was listed in the town where i bought the car, over 40 miles from where i lived at the time. it was probably the salesperson's address. radar detectors are illegal in virginia so this is the first i've heard about geico not insuring rd drivers. probably a good thing for me as i don't want to get used to waiting for a beep to slow down. he has a great business model...he pays cash, gets the cars for less, so you save.  also, the rural address probably helps. i am sure his toyota and ferrari/maserati stores will thrive, not so sure about scion, i saw they were on a top 10 list of car companies that may not last too long in n.a. i did receive a survey in my email from i was planning on blasting them on it. i was also planning on talking to finance manager or sales manager regarding my experience and do so in a polite manner. i know yelling and swearing never ends with a good result. i will bring up the survey and ask them how much a good review is worth to them.$$. i have a feeling they don't give a crap. all of the ford dealers in my area have poor online reviews. you have to go out of the bay area a bit to find some that have better reviews. also when i bought the car by the time we were done it was 9pm on friday and dealer was closed and didn't have time to prep and wash car. they told me to call and come back to get it washed. i have called 3 times with no call back. im making sure these guys wash the car even if i have to drive it onto the showroom floor. i didn't want to rain on his parade lol...i thought he had a great deal, until i saw the $4000 down....ouch! kind of defeats the whole idea of leasing. &gt; back in the early 90's, when they were still doing the surveys by usps, i had a dodge dealer offer me $100 to bring him the survey instead of sending it back directly to chrysler.  i turned him down. it's far from rural.  norwood and the other towns his stores are in are suburbs of boston.  they are pretty developed and some of the area is very affluent. was that one of those top ten lists of dying brands from yahoo or msnbc?  if so, i put little stock in those.  even if scion the brand were to go away, those models would most likely be rebranded as toyotas. , for some reason, i thought they are still snail mailed. how easy would it be to have the sale department substitute they own drop box email as the destination for the surveys, then fill them out themselves? they could even send their own fake survey by email, if they were sleazy and halfway smart. i would verify that email is the correct delivery system for the survey. i take that to mean the envelope was opened enough to look in and read the contents? but who is looking into our emails and our online activity? my friend who bought the maserati and then fiat-genesis - audi asr4 just said he hates those surveys.  he has had a few salespeople who deserve a 10, and many that should get a 1 or 2, but who really answers them truthfully or accurately? i thought i had a good salesman and i gave him a 10, but, then he gave me misinformation about some features and he lost the sale on the next bmw...so i would like to do a re-evaluation. and i think our friend with the lease should mention the ford dealership will be given a bad report if he is asked to fill one out  the dealership should know they shouldn't take advantage of people, not in a threatening way, just factual.  we have bought about 6 cars in the last 6 years and all surveys including one's about service were done via email. route 1 sounds pretty rural...maybe the nash dealership started in the country and now it has become more urban.  that begs a question i have often wondered about. could it be cheaper to buy from a small town dealership where property costs, taxes, etc are cheaper?  seems some of these giant used car places are outside the city including haldimand motors near me.....it is north americas largest used car dealer and they are definitely in a very small town. over 500 used cars it was one of those lists.  if scions became toyotas he would have 4 toyota dealerships. once the deal is done -- signed and sealed -- unless they actually defrauded you -- you made your own bed. learn from it.  you can't deal those guys the aces and expect them not to play. i like what isell said -- don't compare deals after it's in he garage. nothing to be gained by that. the simple answer anything less than an "a" is an "f" and often it's something besides your salesperson that leaves a bad taste in  your mouth - the f&amp;i experience or incomplete dealer prep. it was rural perhaps 100 years ago but route 1 was the main highway between boston and providence before the interstate system.  as an fyi, rt. 1 runs from ft. kent, me to key west, fl.  today in that area it's a 4 lane divided road with car dealers, restaurants, shopping, hotels, et al.  it's anything but rural.  it has a population of 20k and is solidly suburban just like most places 25 minutes outside of boston. you might save a bit but imho, a larger more metro dealer probably turns more cars and hence can sell at a lower price.  maybe a used car lot might do better. he would still have 2 dealerships.  scion is co-located inside the toyota stores.  afaik, there are very few free standing scion stores as the volume doesn't justify it. thanks for those videos - there were some others there too that came up after those finished. interesting. nothing against him, he seems to be doing what he wants to do and has the money to do it. he just doesn't impress me as all that sharp, but who can say. i searched and found that his dealerships all have really lousy ratings on yelp, even worse than typical, fwiw - i don't know how credible that site is. buyers really did not seem to like their sales tactics. thanks for that , got irritated with the system since his salesperson apparently took it in the shorts for an almost perfect survey and it put a sour note on their relationship. lol that would be the ultimate in sleazy behavior.  last two new cars i bought i never got a survey from the manufacturer.  got something from j. d. power which i tossed.  if that was the csi i couldn't tell.  i mentioned it to the salesman for my mitsu and he seemed indifferent.  didn't act like he had any money riding in it. maybe the survey went to his house too. is it 36-mo? because, actually, rule of thumb on a lease says $30 change in payment per $1k down. so his $0 down number would have been $209. doesn't sound bad to me. re bosh jr. ting. nothing against him, he seems to be doing what he wants to do and has the money to do it. nothing against jr either, but, he did inherit the business.  that doesn't mean it is a slam dunk to build it into something even more successful, but, it is a nice advantage. i wish i was given a car dealership when i was a young man.  in fact, if there is reincarnation, i will state right now, i'd like to come back as the only son of a major mercedes dealership. i'm one step closer to taking the plunge and punching my ccba card. i stopped by the subaru dealer in rye, ny where i drove the impreza last week. this time i stopped by to put the newly redesigned 2015 subaru legacy through its paces. my test model was a legacy limited. i sat in the car and adjusted its mirrors while my sales guy attached a demo plate. dash materials are very high quality and soft touch plastics are everywhere. the seats are padded very hard, almost with a mercedes-like stiffness. foot on the brake, shift into drive, &amp; off i go. i immediately notice how much more responsive the 2.5l is compared to the 2.0 l in the impreza. the steering does provide decent feedback for being electric, but its still too light for my tastes (to make matter worse, i drove my bmw today). i hopped on the highway. the engine pulls strongly while the cvt responds to every stab of the throttle. this car will have absolutely no trouble keeping up traffic at the normal 70 - 75 mph clip i usually cruise at. my biggest issue with the dashboard is its layout. the tach is on the right and the speedo is on the left (my hondas and my bmw have tach on the left &amp; speedo on the right). this is going to take some getting used to. the ride is definitely on the taut side of comfortable. which is fine by me. it rides very close to an old school honda before they started softening up the suspensions to market to the camry crowd. there is a bit more body roll than i like &amp; i'm used to, but again i'm comparing it to my bmw &amp; my prelude (with thicker sway bars) so take that with a grain of salt. handling characteristics are pretty neutral. i took an off ramp a bit faster than i should have (kept looking down at the tach, thinking it was the speedo) and the legacy definitely didn't under steer. brakes seemed pretty good. pedal feel was linear and progressive. i'm spoiled by my 328xi's stellar stoppers though. as you can all tell, i liked the car a lot. i parked the car and went back into the showroom. the sales guy asks what i think. then says "you'll be happier with the legacy coming from a bimmer." i tell him i like it and am interested in a 2.5i premium w/ eyesight. we go inside &amp; he brings his manager over. the manager says, "didn't i see you here last week with a different car?" he asks me some questions about my bmw then asks me if i plan to lease or finance. the manager tells me that the eyesight cars will most likely come in around the end of october, early november. he says "thanks for stopping by." then my salesman pulls out the binder off his desk. opens it up, punches the invoice number in for the car &amp; the eyesight option into a calculator. he says we can order you the car for this. we are low pressure here. take a day, a week, a month. i'm not going to call you or email you as i sense you seem to know what you want. so now, what do i do? should i lease a base 2.5i car for 3 years? lease or finance a 2.5i premium? or factory order a 2.5i premium w/ eyesight? that's true but as i said, he's a pretty smart guy.  he grew up in the business and was running most of it while his dad was alive.  here's a pretty good article with some of his rules for entrepreneurship ernie boch jr. is a shrewd businessman. rather than become one of those mega multi-brand dealerships his strategy is to be #1 in a few brands. for example, his honda and toyota dealerships are #1 in new england and i believe were #1 in the nation. over the years i have purchased an olds cutlass (1988), a honda civic (2002) and a toyota avalon (2000) from the boch organization. the olds dealership is now a used car and repair shop, doing a bang-up job with insurance claims and repairs. btw, i believe ernie jr. has his own jet (the norwood airport is just across the street) and is known to fly to distant places just for a pizza or to play with his band. eccentric or spoiled millionaire, you decide. good review nyc...i felt like i was right in the car with you, and i could empathize with what you are trying to accomplish.  get a car that will be satisfactory enough but come within budget. i think, to answer your question.... lease or finance a 2.5i premium? or factory order a 2.5i premium w/ eyesight? it depends on the monthly cost of each, and what your budget will allow.  i wouldn't give up anything you really want for a few bucks a month or you will become disatisfied and it may cost you more to get out of it.  leasing is good if it gets you through a tough time and gives you some flexibility, though getting out of a lease can be costly. i would factory order at this time of year, but, as you said you have a reason why you don't.  i think it is best and not much more to drive a one year newer car.  i wouldn't get the base model though, get it the way you want it. the driver rule of thumb about life  buy what you want within reason, plan your life in a positive way so you will move forward and will like the things you buy and get, but, have a back up plan just in case (kind of a worse case senario plan).  tell us what your thoughts are. &gt; i like good business stories too.  i agree with his ideas about running a business.  i enjoy music too but i don't think that has much to do with his success.  bosh got a good start, taking over a $billion company to begin with.  he stands back and lets the experts do what they do...which is the way to do it.  even if he is just the guy that keeps it all flowing, then he deserves credit.  his philosophy about money is probably accurate, it just makes it so you don't have to worry about it, life after that is pretty much the same...3 meals a day, a few hours of tv, maybe play golf or something. since family businesses don't usually survive the 2nd and especially the 3rd generation, that alone is an accomplishment. sounds like the kind of guy that would be interesting to get together with. too funny- i should know better, but i saw a car on oxmoor ford's website and hit the "ask a question" link to ask if the car had hid headlamps. here is what i received <em>  hello rb, </em> <em>  thank you for submitting your vehicle inquiry to oxmoor ford lincoln. we have not only quoted the vehicle you requested, but have also provided several similar versions of this vehicle in an effort to give you a comprehensive view of the different options that are available in our inventory. </em> <em>  additionally, we have provided some great values we can offer you from our new vehicle inventory. at oxmoor ford lincoln we have a wide variety of vehicles for you to choose from and will work with you to find something that will meet your needs. please call or stop by anytime if you have questions or simply to take a test drive. </em> and people still ask why i refer to the dealer group as "oxmorons" i'm disappointed that you would consider selling yourself out for giving a good survey. you expected honesty from that store.  you should do likewise with your survey. i don't remember where i got this article on the big tesla plant, but it is sure worth a read. the tesla 3 excites me more than any mustang to date. here, here, isell!  great answer! i still maintain that going in to see the manager or owner of the dealership will do nothing for koctail - best thing to do is complete the survey honestly and send it in.  let the dealership determine if further contact with a disgruntled customer is warranted. the damage is/was done - nothing can correct that now. &gt; &gt; i understand your point completely, and basically i agree with you. but ... (you knew there was a "but" coming, didn't you? ) the way this game is setup, by the manufacturer's, any survey that is less than perfect is in fact a failing grade.  so they (the dealer and the manufacturer) are asking you to lie from the beginning.  where exactly does honesty and integrity came into that? yelp has credibility problems of it's own.  just heard they got sued by a business owner whose yelp ratings dropped after he refused to pay them $1000 a month. i may be misremembering the zero down number.  might have been $230 not $260 but wasn't as low as $209.  i'm not saying he got a bad deal just that he didn't really know anything but the monthly payment. if he got a bargain it was all from the dealer. he also did his deal backwards from how most on here would do it. you guys would figure from zero down. his only certain mistake was the $700 mop&amp;glo. that is how i think of geico, too!  whenever i see their ads, i think of their stance on detectors.  more tickets=higher rates! i never knew they were "anti-radar-detectors"!  i don't use one, so it really doesn't bother me at all.  i don't usually go over the speed limit.  how do they know if you are using one or not?  do they have "drones" overhead following cars that are insured by them to see if there is a radar detector in the front windshield? i have checked with all the major insurance companies and have not been able to beat geico's rates down here in southeast florida.  i wish i could.  i would love to have liberty mutual or nationwide or allstate or farmer's or any tier 1 rated insurance company - but they are $300+ a year more than geico for the same exact coverage. i just checked with geico for rates on the 2015 e400 sedan, and my rates will actually decrease $50.00 every six months ($100.00 per year) when the new car is insured next month.  so my semi-annual premium then becomes $650.00.  that is significantly below the other companies down here. bet this new happened at chick-fil-a. i don't remember the details, but years ago geico came out in favor of banning detectors.  or supporting states that banned them.  don't know if there's any relationship with their rates/using a detector. iirc, banning detectors can be considered illegal in that they operate on the public airwaves.  they are simply receiving signals broadcast over the public domain frequencies.  they used to be illegal in ct, no more. , one of my kids used to work on the bmw golf account in 2012. not sure if she ever made it to colorado. has all the info you'd ever want to know about subarus. and i think there is nothing wrong in going in and explaining to the manager/or owner why you are disatisfied with the treatment you received.  if you do it in a non-adversarial businesslike fashion then you are reasonable and should be heard. i don't think the survey or consumer sites should be used as blackmail, but, i do think you can fill it out and state the reasons you were not satisfied and you can tell the manager you are going to do it. here is the reason why i think this is fair and reasonable.  in my business, i tried to be as fair and honest as possible, to my customers, suppliers and employees.  however, i found that very dishonest people can take advantage of my honesty and fairness.  so, i had to make a new rule i will be as honest and fair as i can possibly be.....but....if you do anything dishonest or not fair to me, i will use similar methods to defend myself if i have to.  i do this because you cannot be fair and reasonable to certain people, they will walk all over you. that's the same car we leased. it was nice that the sticker got extended until 1/1/2019. get your green sticker as soon as you can (i think you have to wait for your plates.) less than 3,000 left. per budget trailer bill, sb 853 (statutes 2014, chapter 27), the green decal limit has been increased by 15,000 to a total of 55,000 stickers. as of august 25, 2014, 52,034 "green" stickers have been issued. green stickers are valid through january 1, 2019.  you expected honesty from that store. you should do likewise with your survey. i think he can and should be honest with his survey.  he feels cheated by a salesman who deceived him.  at the end of negotiations both parties should feel they made a good deal.  the salesman did a bait and switch move...either on purpose or by accident, in either case it should be fixed.  the dealer won't be out anything.....he'll just make the profit he should have made...not some bonus because of a small human mistake the customer made. whenever i see their ads, i think how much cheaper their insurance would be if they weren't spending so much money on marketing. ditto progressive. but i'll buy on price (i've had the same insurance for four years - that's a record for me, but i'll go with a new company soon since we've moved). back in the 80's, geico did make a conscious decision to not insure anyone with a radar detector.  their reasoning was that users of radar detectors have an inclination towards speeding which is a risky behavior in the eyes of an insurer. i did a google search for the topic and there wasn't one example of it actually happening today.  lots of discussion group fodder saying that "they heard" or "i had a friend whose cousin's wife's old boss..." abacomike so it was the sales manager and/or the finance manager who really was at fault! the salesman just presents the numbers&gt;  &gt; mike, i guess i missed that part...if i am dealing with a salesperson that is the person who gets on the computer and comes up with the amount.  when i bought the mercedes i never saw a manager, the salesman didn't leave my sight...he wrote up the deal, he gave me the discount. but, whether it was the salesman or the manager, our friend was taken advantage of.  i know he signed and is legally committed to what is on paper, but, if the dealership personnel were really fair, they would know they mislead their customer, accidentally or on purpose, and if they are decent human beings, they will modify the invoice. not necessarily.  rates could be cheap because of the volume of business they do....they get that volume because of the ads.  some companies work on no advertising low volume principle, some on lots of advertising = high volume = lower prices principle.  if no one knows about them volume will be less, prices will be higher. just a business decision. i know one thing about car insurance - stay too long and you are paying 20-30% more than others, it's guaranteed.  they see each renewal as an invitation to raise the price next time.  the only exception was progressive that kepts its rate for several years, even lowered at some point, then they woke up and hit me with two sequential 15% increases.  i took the first one, but after the second i called and the lady said it's the way it is, so i thanked them and moved away back to the old rate. the insurers generally don't care about keeping current business - it's a different department.  new business is what counts - of course they subsidize it through marketing budget, hoping you'll not move again when the honeymoon is over. another time ameriprise raised its rate by 40% with attached letter of adverse credit due to rapid increase of debt - it was just because i refinanced my house, but the old debt did not drop from the record yet at time they were drafting the renewal.  when i called them just before the actual renewal time (i got a notice two months in advance) and told check my credit now, the lady said new rate wasn't related to the credit.  really, so what was that adverse credit letter about?  i thanked them for their business and moved on with allstate, current with them.  they are creeping the rates slowly up, last time 10%, this time 5%, if they keep it up that way, within next two-three cycles i'll have to thank them and ask somebody else. it's generally not good to go from one to another too often - it will catch up with you.  however, three-four years is just the sweet spot for me. btw, everybody talks about geico being cheap - i don't know why, but not for me.  they hates me, they never gave me a best rate no matter how good my record was.  and i don't mean they missed it by two bucks, it's usually 20% or so.  i had good experience with progressive, traveler's, allstate, ameriprise.  some other companies kept rates close, but liberty mutual and geico hate me for reasons unknown.  i have no tickets, no recent claims, last claim over 5 years ago, excellent credit score - but still, they often come significantly higher than many others.  liberty is even worse - their rates are from the moon. just checked progressive - they are quoting me $200/6 months less then the renewal offer (same coverage).  time to switch... the real story is that there is virtually no increase in loss exposure from a driver who picks up the occasional speeding ticket(i have a friend who used to serve in the ky legislature; during a hearing he asked some insurance industry reps for proof that speeding tickets increase loss exposure. two decades later he is still waiting). by making it easier to cite speeders geico was/is hoping to profit. end of story. end of story. ...well geico is a for profit business - they can make the rules as long as they are legal. &gt; yes, i have a contract that states the value of my trade in, the cost of a current 2014 e350, with all additional charges, a notation that shows i get 4% off, whatever the price of the 2015 e400 will be.  they can calculate the value of my trade in today, and know what it will be worth by mid october. i bought the last 2 cars this same way.  maybe the salesmen here have more latitude, as we are a little easier going in most manners.  i think the sales manager thing is like a barier to break you down....wastes time, and gives the dealership more excuses to try to break the customer down. i am sure the salesman would call on the sales manager here if the action got hot and heavy. i found a 2014 article on carinsurance.com that said geico canceled a guy's insurance policy because he owned a radar detector back in 1988 in maryland. he appealed to the state insurance comm. and his policy was reinstated. same thing happened in 1989 in california. insurance also reinstated. currently no ins. co. has a question about a radar detector on their application. the article also stated that radar detectors are illegal in a couple of states (virginia &amp; d.c.) and in most of canada. i'm glad you are happy with geico and i'm surprised you are saving that much.  state farm covers our cars and out home.  i shopped around a few years ago and, yes, i could have saved a very small amount.  nothing like the amount you stated. hopefully, you will never have a claim but if you do, i hope you don't get dropped. a friend went with one of the discount ins. companies and after getting rear ended twice in a year sitting at a stop light they dropped him.  said he was "accident prone" even though he did nothing but sit there. mike so sorry to hear.  i just lost my mom last week to the big c (intestinal, so different but still insidious type).  have the memorial/internment saturday.  only hope is you catch it early, and treat aggressively.  so hopefully the treatment on your son does the job.  helps to be otherwise young and healthy, to be able to fight the beast. i made sure the one i bought had the green hov sticker right on it. most of the dealers i dealt with around here obtained the hov stickers to put on the cars on the lot. this is why in about 2 months the # of stickers jumped from 45,000 to 55,000. i expect they are almost out. dealers might play hardball with those green stickers cars on their lot when the 55k is hit. there is a bill to increase to 70k, but even if it passes it won't take effect until january 1. i am going to email the sales manager to see if he is interested in meeting with me regarding this or if he doesn't reply to my email i will just drop in on him. it may do nothing, but i think it will make me feel better. i do like to call people out when they behave badly. when i was playing with the figures after the fact and looking at the money factor....i was charged something close to roughly .001 and the correct money factor is closer to .0001. i am probably way too naive...but could they have made a math error? it was late friday nite and the finance guy i signed with had only been there 2 weeks according to him. i think though the figures were already pre-filled from the sales manager/finance manager before i sat down. is correct that the sales guy was basically the delivery person. he went into the finance room and would come back with info. he wasn't responsible for running any numbers. i guess what we pay for car insurance is pretty trival compared to the health of a loved one. mike, my thoughts and a prayer are with you.  know that! in our market area, there happens to be another honda dealer that also sells honda lawn mowers, generators and other related items. years ago, they had a short lived promotion where they "gave away" a honda lawnmower with every new honda they sold that weekend. i had recently sold a new civic to a jerk of a customer who made it a miserable process.  i was glad when he finally left with his new car! so, he sees the lawnmower ad and he calls me... " hey, craig...i just got my survey and i'm holding it in my hand...do i get a free lawnmower?" me /" nothing is ever free, they just built the price of that lawnmower into the price of the car!" " well, i guess i'll have to give you a crappy survey...i want to talk to your gm!" and, he did.  the only time i ever heard our gm lose his temper with anyone! and, yep i got the exact survey he promised! yes mike, losing a parent is sad and stressful, but something to expect.  i would never want to outlive my kids, but my philosophy is that life (god, whatever you call it) is what you get, and you just deal with it as best as possible and move on.  you really can only control how you react, not what is handed to you. &gt; mike - you're the toughest guy i know. you will be ok. i feel really bad for you and wish there was something i could do for you. very sorry to hear that mike.  we are all hoping for the best possible outcome. good move koctailz...at the very least it will be a learning experience for you and the dealer.  i always think of it as sharpenning my consumer skills and/or negotiating skills. i have got reversals by just talking in a professional mild reasonable manner.  in all sales, particularly the car business, one customer will talk to 20 people and word does make a difference. good luck, know you will be lucky to get a reversal - don't count on it, but better to at least discuss it and get it out of your system. i can see how you could get a negative attitude toward customers.  unfortunately, maybe only 5% of customers are like that...at most 20% in some cases.  but, those few leave a bigger impression than the decent ones. i have dealt with the public and i have dealt with businesses....and businesses are much easier. when i dealt with the public i had a saying....the customer is usually wrong! mike, something very similar happened in my family earlier this year. it is still too painful to really talk about here, but let's just say i completely understand how you are feeling. god bless you my friend, a lot of people are praying for you and your son. all the best. i saw a tesla a while ago and it was a cool looking car. today i saw a studebaker hawk. late 50s i'd guess. 4 speed  now that is a cool car. we will keep you on the prayer list; our thoughts are with you and your family. i'm sorry mike. nobody deserves this much heartache. stick, i'm sorry for your loss. so that's what you've been referring to in ny.  i assumed it was something to do with your son. thanks farmer.  no, this was down in southern ny not up your way. driver, you couldn't be more wrong. caveat emptor. stick, sorry for your loss. mike, i hope the treatment works and he is the 1 in the 1 out of 5 who make it. interesting. so does that mean that the car was already registered with the dmv when you bought it? mike, my thoughts are with you.  nobody deserves this, it unfortunately strikes at will and without any regard to who we are.  best you can do is keep hope. plus one isell, did survey man get the lawnmower or not? i like those hawks.  today i saw a bright red 1960 chevy wagon inperfect condition, with white walls and all, and with kids in the back.....it looked like something right out of the 60s. thanks bradd.  appreciate the thoughts from you and everyone else. driver, you couldn't be more wrong. caveat emptor. maybe in your world verdugo....in my world i would reverse the extra charges.  i would never want to be unfair to someone who trusts me enough to do business with me. call me foolish, that's ok, i think i will do better than the competition because word gets out that i can be trusted 100%.....and i sleep really well at night. and, i have seen the cheaters and liars, here today and gone tomorrow, and they wonder why. one quick example of why i don't think that is a good way to do business. we traded in our 1999 mercedes for a 2003 mercedes.  we didn't realize until after the deal that we still had about a year and a half left on the extended warranty and that should have been a credit for us. the paperwork was done and we didn't think of this until we went back to pick up the new car. the salesman said there wasn't anything that could be done about it now.  well, i didn't look at another mercedes - it just turned me off, for over 11 years.  i didn't buy this car from that dealer. i know it would be impossible to change the paperwork by the time we realized our mistake.  but, a much better way for that dealer to make it up to us would be to offer that amount as a discount on our next car (and they would have had another sale, as well as a happy customer). or they could have given us service equivalent to that amount, and it would have cost them less than the full amount. why antagonize people when the dealership pulled the fast one......by accident or on purpose. too much business these days is the "got you" attitude.  i would prefer to work on the principle that both parties come out winners. the invicta's looked like real good watches (felt well made and solid) however i really have to wonder about something they can sell lots of at deep discounts. there was another watch they had a sale on, it was a watch set where you got the watch and jewelry (for women) or a pen with either a wallet or business card holder (for men). they were labeled with a msrp of $85.00 selling for $19.95. people were buying 3, 4 and even 5 watch sets, afterwards they had several left over and were still selling them at the $19.95 price and i took a look at them. they seemed to be real cheap, they had the feel of something that came out of a cracker jack box. or they are just plain out lying, some people will "bend" the truth to make themselves look like they are the big man on campus. it's just like the guy at the gym boasting that he can bench press twice his weight. good advice for just about anything. true, if i went around telling everyone that not only did i get that brand new bmw 7 series for nothing but that the dealer gave me $100 to boot someone will say they got the same deal only the dealership gave them $200. lets face it, ford will sell thousands of mustang gt's with a certain option package priced at a certain msrp and only one person will get the best deal. the thing is just get a good deal that you are happy with and don't worry that out there there is someone who paid $100 less. the thing is you are selling a functionally homogenous product, a base civic is a base civic is a base civic. once you are on the road your experience with the car isn't going to be influenced by what lot you drove off of. so while people might be loyal to a brand and that brand competes with others on many things (handling, performance, reliability, comfort and the like) the main thing dealerships compete with others selling the same brand is by price. mike and stick - so sorry to hear of your news. you didn't mention the free manicures and massages some dealers now offer (seriously!). sorry to hear the latest news (and you too stick - we lost my mil ~6 months ago and it still hasn't set in). i hate the "odds" info out there since the real results vary so much with "real" people (my mom and sister way beat the odds, but many others, like your daughter, don't). day by day is about the best any of us can do. exactly. my bmw and mazda dealer are honest and provide excellent service in addition to attractive perks. it's not worth throwing all that away to save a few dollars... iirc geico was repeatedly taken to court over dropping people simply because they used a radar detector and lost every one of them. so geico stopped the practice. stick, my sincerest sympathies go out to you and your family.  i lost my mother two years ago after a long battle with cancer.  it's rough, i think of her quite often.  hell, i think of my father almost every day, and he has been gone for 22 years. i have not lost a child, though.  and i can't imagine how hard that would be.  losing your parents is the natural order of things, damned sure painful, but to be expected. outliving your children is not, it is something horrendous.  mike, hang in there. the thing about our balance of warranty was that was extra profit the dealer was going to make anyway....to me it is almost like theft that they would keep that money and not find a way to make it up to us - the salesman should have known about the warranty - it was in our file.  the sales manager, who was the owners son, was an arrogant moron who lived a block away from us. that's a case of now that i think of it, i should have talked to him about what was done.  as you pointed out, people who lie or cheat or deceive don't care, they probably enjoy taking advantage (scr--ing) of a customer, but, i think it would have been good therapy for me to tell him why i wouldn't be buying another car from him. something else, some business people work on the principle that if they rip someone off they will be the winner - they will gain more  (that's how my sil thinks - the more he rips people off the more he will have, it works the opposite, and he spends half of his time trying to fix things and fielding complaints, and not many repeat customers).  i think of business as a cooperative project....if i can give you the customer the best value possible (good price, good service, no hassle buying etc.) then why wouldn't you come back....unless you want to change brands, which is fair enough. mike, i am glad you understand my point about the warranty, and i know talking to the manager probably won't solve this fellows problem....but, i know, i feel better letting them know what i think.  the problem with leaving it up to the survey is 1) the fellow may not get a survey 2) the dealer will say he is lying, he signed and now he is bitter...it's a he said they said and they will probably win. if a dealer offers free gym sessions, free massages, free eats, etc that tells me they are making lots of extra profits to pay for all that. i would much rather have them offer excellent, competent, courteous, quick service on my vehicle rather than all that extraneous stuff that must (imo) take away from what they are investing in their core business. as fast as posts are flying onto this forum again, we'll have to start a new one in a couple of months. this one's going to be too big quickly. most invicta watches are produced in china.  at one time, invicta was a quality swiss company.  now it is an american based company.  some invicta watches are still made in switzerland and are fairly good.  many, however, are made in china and are of questionable quality.  invicta is known for having very inflated prices on its chinese made watches which bear no resemblance to the actual quality of the watch.  invicta then sells the watch at its true value suggesting, to the uninformed, a steep discount. seriously, does anyone believe invicta will sell a $750 watch for $100 or so?  no company could do that and remain in business. it's going to take awhile to get another 97k posts, given how long it's taken to get to 2800.  it's interesting that there are ten times as many people reading this forum as there are people posting.  much higher ratio than with most of the boards. your son in law must be a hoot to deal with - real business sweetheart.  i wonder where people get that idea - is it home or some special trauma they experiences, or is it something hereditary. it's the old 80/20 rule, or 90/10 rule or whatever number you want to use. all this watch talk makes me want to dig out my old timex and wear it. nah. i'm of two minds on the dealer facilities. if i have to go somewhere for service, like i did in chattanooga a few months back, it's nice having a comfortable waiting area, decent coffee and good wifi. i was able to surf the whole time and get some work done. but yeah, i overpaid and they didn't correctly fix the issue. the dealer was just the handiest stop. survey says (my survey will be the yelps and ratings sites, after i email my complaint and see what response i get. not sure i have the energy to backcharge it on my visa and go that route for $100.) back home my local guy chatted with me, looked at the car and sent me to carquest across the street. three minutes tops, and no charge by him. my goal is to not visit the dealer again once i drive off with the car, any more than needed, which should be when it needs an oil change.  and on the last new car, i don't even go to the dealer i got it at, and the one i use still treats me like a king. i remember that.  which is why, to this day, i won't be a customer of geico's.  same thing with plugging in their little "thingamajig" so they can track my driving habits.  not happening.  got too many red light cameras, sneaky police cruisers disguised as ordinary cars hiding in thickets to try to bust me speeding. i'll do everything within my power to not only fight things like red-light cameras (rb, do you know what ever happened to the law suits stating those are unconstitutional?), sneaky speed traps and police ticket set ups. even those "drunk driving" commercials that they run showing police hiding, blending in with the background, waiting for you to do something wrong, remind me of a "gestapo-esk" totalitarian society.  i don't care what message they're trying to send.  it's not a very good one and really flies in the face of what we all believe.  it's almost like they're saying "watch your every move, because we certainly are."  i thought we fought wars to thwart that behavior and thinking? actually they do make the rules---most state laws about insurance regulation are in fact written by people (basically lobbyists) from the industry. stick, sorry to hear about you mom.  been there and even though it's been 20 years i still miss her. it isn't hereditary...his father worked hard, was in a very tough business,  - built it up, sold it for over $1 million dollars when $1 million was worth a lot.  his father is 100% honest and decent and i believe that is why he was successful. i have asked a psychiatrist friend about my sil and his answer has to do with this;  since he never had to worry or think about money, he doesn't really get it's worth.  if he wants something, he buys it.  if he wants to fly to a hockey game in tampa he'll buy a ticket and go....might cost $1000, but, he won't replace a $20 telephone because he doesn't want to spend money if he doesn't have to, and btw, that phone be worth a few $1000 in orders in a day. he has an mba too.  in this case i think it is a handicap, because he only knows what he has been taught in school....he should have used his mba to get a job at gm ordering parts.  he would cut the suppliers down to the last penny and secure a good deal for gm.  for running his own business, he has no concept of what people want or how to treat suppliers or customers. i could write a book, "how not to run a business" - stories about my sil. my personal rule is to use the dealer for all maintenance items required excluding tires while the car is under warranty. that way hopefully the service writers get to recognize me a little and hopefully treat me better as a regular customer when i come in with a problem potentially under warranty. however after that all bets are off. this week a good friend told me the latest in his continuing tale of woe regarding his ford ranger 4x4 pickup. he ordered this to his own spec - the top-line model (xlt?) which dealers here did not bring in for stock, 5-speed manual transmission. it is a 2010 so is now out of warranty, has 42,000 miles, mostly highway. they have a country place they are rebuilding about 90 minutes away and that is what they drive when they go there. he had had all sorts of issues with this truck both in and out of warranty. he told me this week how he has spent a couple of thousand $ on it the last 2 years for brake work, which i find hard to believe. apparently the rear discs are a problem. the latest was that the clutch failed this week. for whatever reason he took it to a ford dealer and let them fix it. the cost was a cool $1800. this is with them selling him the parts at wholesale. apparently 10 hours labor. yikes. we're at 3300 so we must have got another 500 more today.  how do you know there are 10x more readers than posters...is that the ratio they figured out? not to beat a dead horse, but today i saw a great example of fairness in business.  i was at tim hortons getting a coffee and a bagel (i only eat half the bagel = 150 calories). so a young lady is carrying a tray out with 4 coffees, she gets stuck between doors, drops the tray.  the manager came out, said don't worry about it....gave her another complete order, and didn't charge her. using the deceitful car dealership as a comparison; yes the lady bought and paid for the coffees so the store doesn't owe her a replacement order (the transaction is over - she should place another order and pay for it), but, the shop absorbed the cost (which is minimal, about 10 cents to make a $1.50 cent coffee), but, how much good will did the store get and good advertising - much more than replacing the coffees. that's what i would think too, but, i don't think it works that way necessarily.  i was intimidated by the mb dealer where i bought the new "e".  it is probably the fanciest dealer in north america, they have about 15 cars on display in pools of water.  a full coffee and sandwich shop, gym, spa, tv room, service department has cleaner floors than most homes. the deal went as smooth as could be, i couldn't have done better.  it's a case of build a good dealership, treat the customers fairly, sell a lot more cars than you would have from a hole in the wall, and not only will it cover your costs, you will actually make more money.  the old, you have to spend a buck to make a buck....if done properly it can really work. &gt; sounds about the same as my friends 2004 blazer.  he bought it at the end of the line for a really cheap price....about $14k us ($16k cdn). he wants it to last for the rest of his life and it probably will....at least it has heavy metal and fairly simple.  however, lots of things breakdown like even the door hinges, they aren't strong enough considering the weight of the doors. before that he had a ford tempo that cost him more in repairs than it would have cost to buy a new car.  at least i convinced him to drop the tempo and although the blazer isn't the ultimate in car design and engineering, with some help, it could last a few decades. the place i just retired from (nslc, the provincial liquor retailer) does that too. we get people who buy a case of beer and have the case rip open as they are going through the parking lot. or they drop the bag with a bottle of whatever in it the same way. if the store staff witness it they usually just replace it. the profit margin is high enough that it is worth it for the goodwill it generates. i would much rather have a car dealership do something similar, go good for items that are somewhat questionable as to cause, instead of spending that money building a spa. i will never use the spa, but i may well appreciate them covering something on my car that i might otherwise need to pay for. for you tesla fans there was a story on tesla's new nv factory on cnbc and they mention that the factory is located in an industrial park owned by the same guy who owns the mustang ranch brothel. the head of tesla said nv's quick permitting process was a major factor because they needed the factory to be ready on time. makes you wonder why they didn't just throw in with mitsubishi.  they have a plant in normal, indiana with a capacity of 250k cars that is about 2/3 unused. i think the plant is located in normal, illinois near bloomington.  my daughter graduated from illinois state university in bloomington/normal, and i remember seeing that plant there.  check it out. i just looked it up, and it is normal, illinois.  they build the new outlander there along with other models.  and yes, the plant is at 1/3 capacity. however, i don't think that plant could handle the tesla models unless they did some major overhauling of the plant.  in the end, it might be more cost effective to just build a new plant in a state where taxes are more reasonable.  california and illinois have some of the highest corporate tax rates in the country, not to mention real estate taxes.  remember, illinois is so far in debt they may never be able to handle it in the long run. from what my research revealed to me over the past few hours is giving me some hope for my son.  he specifically requested a change in venue from the hospital and doctors in the desert to loma linda medical center near riverside, ca because he thought they knew more about treating his brain tumor. well, it would appear that loma linda specializes in proton radiation treatment and was the first medical center to offer that treatment in the country back in the early 1990's.  they are fairly well known for the proton radiation labs they have at the hospital. he is supposed to hear from the doctors and the treatment center there at the hospital today or monday for a schedule as to when he will undergo radiation treatments.  i sure hope they hurry up as we don't want this tumor to enlarge or spread. but it seems that loma linda is a preferred medical center for this proton radiation. speaking of these mega dealerships that offer all these services and perks for their customers, there is no doubt that it costs money and the bottom line of their dealerships is probably affected by these special facilities.  but, remember, all those extras are a cost of doing business and are therefore tax deductible in the eyes of state and federal taxes.  so, assume the tax rate is 35% - which means that for every dollar they spend on these perks or facilities, it only costs them 65 cents. my mercedes dealership does not have the perks that driver's dealership has.  all they offer is free coffee and cookies.  they used to offer bagels and cream cheese, but not any more.  but they do offer free cars washes, no matter how often you want them.  that alone saves me over $1000 a year.  their service department is outstanding and they offer mercedes loaners whenever the car is in for service. but the dealership i used to work for in margate, fl (lexus) has an entire floor located above its service department which is the size of 1/2 a football field, for customers to relax, use the fitness facilities, etc.  they also offer complimentary finger foods such as sandwiches, sweet rolls, all kinds of coffee, etc.  it cost them a fortune - but they can afford it - they are the number one volume lexus dealers in the country and are owned by southeast toyota and the moran family. the case of a bottle of booze accidentally breaking is another excellent example.  we've all seen a broken bottle of something at the grocery store...and of course, staff clean it up and the customer isn't charged.  why charge $3 for a bottle of ketchup on a $400 grocery bill? the spa thing is a bit different.  i assume women hate to get a car serviced and to think that a day is wasted.  but, get nails and a massage while the car is being fixed....especially at a high end luxury car dealer......that's ingenious.  now, she will probably be volunteering to take her husbands car in for him too. ab...you won't get much out of the spa, but, a lot of women will, though you could try getting a manicure and you may like it. i would imagine it is in conflict of one of the bill of rights - the right to pass red lights is part and parcel of the right to happiness (you know, the right to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness). we have those red light cameras down here in broward county and, for some strange reason, the municipalities and county are not realizing the windfall of money they expected from catching these red light passers.  many have gotten attorneys who successfully get them off.  i have not done any research into this, but i would imagine it may be based on imperfections in the timing of the infraction.  but i do know that some of the municipalities have been taking these systems out of play due to the cost overruns. you can't leave these matters completely up to others these days. you were smart to do this research and it sounds like you came up with a very worthwhile plan. hope it works out........ you used someone else's quote &amp; attributed it to me. either way, when you look at your "my bookmarks" list it shows number of views and replies.  on many boards they're quite close; on this one they're nowhere near -- a lot more people view than reply. mike, so sorry to hear such unpleasant news. don't despair my friend, your son will recover because with god everything is possible. blessings! because you have the constitutional right to face your accuser. i'm not taking a stand on this - just telling you the basis for legal challenge. also, not sure about elsewhere, but in missouri there was a big to-do about it (which i think is still under review), because the owner of the vehicle was the one responsible for the ticket.  so, if you own your kids' car and they run red lights, you're still responsible.   that's a bit messy, charging someone for an illegal act they didn't personally commit. actually, it was your quote i was replying to in that part of my post.  it's from the previous page but, that's ok, even if it wasn't, it seems you will get credit for a reply. that's interesting, i had no idea they kept score.  the red light cameras have never been ruled unconstitutional, but the penalties tend to be defined by the local government as "administrative" not criminal, which is a way to make an end run around any constitutional safeguards. like speed cameras they are in essence nothing more than a revenue stream and has little to no effect on traffic safety. in ohio, the previous governor leaving had a bill in front of him that he vetoed, calling it a "gift to the townships and cities" to paraphrase. he meant he was leaving them a way to generate income. of course some of those cities cited safety as the big reason for the cameras. however, there still are people running red lights, so i fail to see how they have made things safer. the cities cite that at those intersections the number of red light accidents went down. of course at other intersections, not so much, since the locals know which ones have cameras and which don't. then recently bills went through the legislature and the same cities citing "safety" as the big cause for the money-making cameras complained that they were going to lose money and it would mean real problems for their local taxpayers to lose that income. the senate of ohio is still holding up the bill, hoping i suspect that a couple of court cases working their way to the highest court will take the pressure off them to kill the red light/speed cameras against the wishes of their lobbyist friends. so which is it money or safety? further, as i understand, the catch to outlawing them was that ohio is "home rule." so the cameras weren't gong to be outlawed but rather a real policeman had to be present as each camera was snapping pictures of hundred dollar bills. that requirement meant most cameras would not be useable with no policeman for the violator to face as his accuser. in tampa they were going to get rid of red light cameras.  mainly because they seem to just be a way to increase revenue, and they may be causing more accidents than they prevent as people jam on their brakes trying to stop.. and how does that make it unconstitutional? you still retain that right. the "accuser" is a camera.  you can't engage in a back and forth with a camera. but you're not allowed to produce the one that is.  your car, your ticket. again, i'm not the one arguing any of these points - just stating those that are being debated. ok, i'm confused. not arguing either side here because i'm not a lawyer. but let's say kirstie gets a red light camera summons in the mail. she opens the envelope and sees a picture of her car being driven through a red light by snakeweasel, who had visited on the weekend a month ago and wanted to try out her car. he is now 5 states away. his face is clearly identifiable in the picture. what happens? you threaten to appeal the ticket and the city drops it because they are making too much money to fool around with the few malcontents who think they have an argument why they aren't responsible for the ticket. back to "follow the money". ok.  i'll admit it.  i am a lurker. now i posted. blush i'll second that. we could really use some new blood and new opinions here !! alright! way to go sb55!  good for you coming out (so to speak).  maybe others will too! i have sirius in the mustang, but with less than 10,000 miles in 2 years don't get a lot of use out of it. however, my truck came with xm which over a year now is still working thanks to the last owner forgetting to cancel. so it all works out. if i was canadian i'd track him down like dudley do right and tell him i'm enjoying his radio, but since i'm american, we just fuggetaboutit. x2 i listen to love 17 too, but then it switches to christmas music in november...just when we head to florida.  i like the 50s on 5, but evry other song seems to be chuck berry who i am not crazy about.  i like 60s music if it isn't too loud, and some early 70s....maybe they need to divide the 70s, 70 to 74 and 75 to 79. i pay about $90 a year and it is worth it to me for long drives just for something that is decent, and i like the fact it travels with you...you don't have to keep looking for new stations as you get out of range.  but, with hard drives, cds, usb sticks i could live without satellite radio quite well.  i believe i heard they were getting more subscribers and they were doing quite well. after all that, i could live without it, but, for $100 bucks a year, the cost of 2 coffees a week, i'll just continue on with it....esp because of the florida trip. yeah, i meant illinois. you're probably right about the tax situation.  that's one reason the foreign companies build their cars in the south. i thought the comments about getting permits in 30 days astounding.  here in ny it took 6 months to put a card table up in front of my farm. a business investing hundreds of millions of dollars would find that a no brainer. some of our lot attendants loved to set xm radio to channel 66 and turn the volume up.  it's a rap station and every other word is something bad.  when the ignition was turned on this stuff would blare from the radios.  horrible station! my subscription that came with the new fusion recently expired. i called siriusxm and said i would renew if they offered me a better rate. like you, i usually only listen to one channel. they offered me $89 a year plus the "royalty fee". anywho - it came to just over $100. of course the lady wanted a credit card to bill it to. i said i would only pay an invoice with a check so they couldn't automatically renew me at the full rate next year. she then said about the $2 fee to send an invoice. i refused to pay the $2 since they already sent me 3 letters asking me to renew the subscription. she waived that fee. i do use a usb stick for music and occasionally my phone, but it's just easier to listen to sirius. oddly enough, i did the opposite of you. i renewed the radio, but dropped the traffic and weather alerts. it was cool to just say, "weather map" and have it pop up on the nav screen, but i can see radar on my phone. in my area there are very few roads (if any) that they cover as far as grid-lock or accident occurrences so i didn't need that. and i don't really care where the cheapest gas is. exactly. it's all about the $$$ you guys....i just threw out the last of my 8 tracks!  yes , it was hard to do! cd's are working just fine.  mostly oldies. i have 10 presets for sat 1-4 in the mustang. 6,7,32,25,26,50,61,99,cnbc and npr (i forget their numbers). the sirius list has steeler football listed as channel 824, but my numbers don't go that high. when i'm driving and my wife says "you must be deaf with the radio so loud" i just turn on 129 (catholic radio) or 130 (ewtn) for her, then she says turn that up. i may be a heathen, but when rock the casbah by the clash comes on i want to really hear it. unfortunately, much of law and regulatory enforcement has become a revenue source for government too cowardly to raise taxes officially or cut services to favored constituents. in the city i grew up in there was a little mom &amp; pop pharmacy that threw away a box of medicaid receipts after 5 years instead of 6 which the state required. instead of fining them for the one error the state fined them $500 for each piece of paper in the box--a total of $2.8 million. in an interview state health department officials admitted they were tasked with "generating revenue" from such errors. makes a mockery of the cop hiding in the bushes for "safety". _ here in ny it took 6 months to put a card table up in front of my farm._ i had an above ground 9 x 18  swimming pool up for years before the tax assessor came by to inspect some other work and said i have no permit for the pool listed. i had to pay $35 to city hall for the pool permit just as i was about to dismantle it so i put in a bigger one just to get my 35 bucks worth. i have xm and like it at the $90 or so bucks a year it costs me. i keep it on classic rewind (ch 25) most of the time. but yesterday i got a haircut and the barber was playing some swing jazz that i liked. i tried to find a station on xm that might have that with no luck. maybe i just searched at a bad time. driver - you might want to check out "the bridge" on sxm - good early 70's music. i'll occasionally listen to "coffee house", which are acoustic versions of popular (and obscure) songs. even though it's my parents era, i'll also put on the sinatra channel when the mood strikes. sometimes i'll listen to bbc world or cbc for a different take on the news. but mostly i'll listen to 1st wave (80's new wave), classic rewind, 80's on 8, and the pga tour channel when tournaments are on. if you think watching golf on tv is boring, try listening to it on the radio ... in other words, i feel like i get my money's worth out of my satellite radio subscription. the wife, otoh, listens to either the pulse or the blend. this condo we're renting has sirius on the dish tv. seems to me the coffee channel changed a couple of years ago and isn't as good as it was a few years back. mostly i just play groove salad or krcw eclectic on the net radio. i have a stick for the car but we did abut 8,000 miles in the "new" minivan since june and anymore the radio mostly stays off. speaking of the van, wasn't there a plan at one point to ditch it once you got settled in nm and replace it with something like a soul? yeah, but we hope to buy a house by year end and will keep the "truck" to move in. and we'll probably will use our cash for the down payment and go with a car payment for the first time since '82, and i don't want any weirdness on the credit report until we lock in a mortgage. that said, i threatened to rent a car for the weekend to cruise neighborhoods in since this van is harder to maneuver in traffic than the quest was - even getting into the parking space here is a pain. i'm a bit concerned about the pano roof that we want - have yet to see one (and there are lots of souls here). the heat may just be a deal killer on that. but that would let me keep my yakima racks. not in "my world" more like in the <strong>  real world </strong> xm?  i still have it on the rdx (the travel car), largely for the travel reason, plus the wife likes it.  just much more convenient day in/out that dealing with streaming from the phone.  i also like it for the baseball games in the summer.  so not essential, but overall i enjoy it. i did drop it on the tl, since i don't drive it that much.  fm around town, and an old ipod when i do take it a longer distance do the job. never did get it in my volvo.  has a lot of fm presets, and my daughter (who mostly drove the car) did not want it.  it also has an aux input, so easy to use a phone or ipod. mostly likely my upcoming new car will have sat radio.  not sure what i will do when the freebie period ends! i can say that if you drop, they want you back.  i keep getting mail from them about the unit in the tl that i deactivated. i am stil sticking to my new year's resolution and i'm not going to reply. bless your heart! since we are talking about traffic tickets and dealing with the public, here is one of my favorite stories... back when i was a district court judge a lady showed up one late afternoon and asked where court was being held. my secretary told her that all the hearings were finished and no other cases were set. the lady went off- "i'm missing work and this is inexcusable and somebody will be responsible for the time i've missed!!!" i walked out of my office and asked the lady if she has a subpoena. she whipped it out of her purse and slapped it down on the counter. i quickly read it and told her, "this subpoena is for september 24th." "so?" she huffed. i handed the subpoena back with a big smile and said, "today is september 23rd." now here's some imaginative marketing 02 taurus need bail now come get - $300 (colonie) 2002 ford fuel  gas transmission  automatic title status  clean uncle just got arrested neet to.sell car now i know its late and its garaged kept come get now mint condition new 400$tires new battery 120 come get mow no.mater how late clean title show contact info can keep plates and insurance till end of this month take home now we can.meet at the county jail now i'll come "out of the closet" and admit that i'm a howard stern fan.  i listened when he was on "terrestrial" radio for years during my 55 mile 1.5 hour commute from northern westchester to queens, ny.  when he went to sirius i got a lifetime subscription for $495.00 and got a portable radio with car kit.  when that radio died about 5 years ago and i retired, i never replaced it.  we got a cpo bmw 535xit 2 years ago and it had sirius.  i remembered the lifetime subscription and they were able to activate the sirius for $75.00. now that we live full time up here in vermont in the rural northern champlain valley, there's not much "regular" radio to choose from.  i will keep sirius, and my wife couldn't live without her presets. now that sirius has downloads, i can put hs or whatever i want on my ipod and listen in any vehicle.  i think that's the best part for me. those sound like stations i would probably like....thanks for the suggestion, i will try them. i find i usually just get in the car and go, and i don't have time to test all the stations.  it is good to check bbc or even cbc (cdn) news just to get a different perspective on the world news. thanks verdugo, i don't think i have ever been on anyone's new year's resolution list before. just curious though...if you owned the coffee shop, how would you have handled it? since you are admitting it i will too.  for one thing, he does incredible interviews.  one i heard a little while ago was with joan rivers.  he gets more interesting information from people than anyone else.  he's also extremely clever....once you get past the silliness, and he is a great comedian. i listenned to him on fm too.  he was on a toronto station but then they wouldn't allow his show to be played in canada - broke some rules.  most listenners near the border listenned to him on a buffalo station. i only listen when i am in the car....my wife wouldn't appreciate howard.  i spend most of my time listening to am talk radio....try to learn something while i am driving. on car insurance, we have 2 cars - a 2010 and a 2012 - and our annual car insurance bill is around $1400.  that includes comprehensive/collision with add-ons for towing/roadside assistance &amp; glass and a sub-$500 deductible.  been with the same farmers agent for around 20 years and over the past few years the rates have been steady or gone down.  no accidents but there have been a couple of claims on the glass coverage for cracked/chipped windshields from truck tires throwing rocks.  our last ticket was in 2002. given that we're averaging $350/vehicle/6 months i've not felt compelled to shop around.  i seriously doubt we'd get equivalent coverage for a price low enough to make the switch worthwhile.  also, we have our homeowners insurance through them and there's a bundle discount. my sirius subscription expired around the beginning of the year.  i too had opted only fr plans where i would pay the invoice with a check.  sxm seems committed to wooing me back but their offers are always contingent on the auto-renew option.  despite not spending much time in the car i might renew given the right offer, but until their marketing dept. actually analyzes my use pattern &amp; makes an offer that isn't contingent on autorenew, i'm not buying. sxm, if you want a return customer, do the analytics.  the data is there.  it's up to you to win me back, not for me to come to you. and after posting that i check my email and sure enough there's another one from sxm wanting me back as a customer.  but as always this clause makes me hit delete instead of clicking the link to their site. "offer details  activate a select subscription and pay $19.99 for your first 5 months, and save 73% off the current monthly rate of $14.99, plus get free activation (a $15 savings). fees and taxes apply. <strong>  service will automatically renew every 3 months thereafter and you will be charged according to your chosen payment method at then-current rates. </strong> to cancel you must call us at 1-866-635-2349. " he's one i can't stand. the profanity and crudeness of his radio shows from which i heard clips was beyond my level. i occasionally see part of america's got talent and he's hard to tolerate there, although he seems to be trying to be more normal this year. joan rivers? i loved her insight into human behavior, but occasionally her crudeness was too much. however she knows how people really think, subconsciously included, and that seems to be her forte in making fun of the human condition. priceless! basically, i agree with you fushi but i don't want to give up sirius over that one issue.  i mark on several calendars my renewal date and i make sure i call them before that date comes up.  i note the time of the call and ask who i am speaking to.  if i decide to cancel i will do the same. they are pretty good about it when i call, even though it is a few weeks before the deadline. they give me a credit and start charging on my new plan. i tried asking if i could send a check but they obviously don't want that...i am sure they get lots of renewals just because people forget. speaking about "forgetting" and tim hortons.  i have a tim hortons card, i usually buy $20 on it and it makes it easier to swipe my card.  not sure if you do that in the us. it is a great money maker for tim's, they are sitting on all this cash that they can collect interest on.  also, one tends to spend more since it isn't the same as handing over actual cash. the other way they win is like this.  i had about $8 left on my card, went through the drive-thru, guy handed me a coffee, somehow he didn't hand me back my card.  i am out $7! as verdugo would say....caveat emptor or whatever. driving a bmw and an audi, you shouldn't be drinking swill. that's when i'd be talking to the manager, even after the fact. you know the time you were there, you have a receipt maybe with the time and transaction number, they can check which transactions used a gift card. from that they can retrieve the balance or get the card back if the server didn't turn the card in to the manager as a left card. i had a papa john pizza counter guy who put the gift card on the shelf under the register counter and i knew there would be a balance left. i demanded my card. he tried to act like he didn't know anything about it. i said there was a balance and you kept it. magically he discovered it wasn't in the trash where he said he had put it first and it was under the counter for later personal use. top store manager next day did not think my story was funny. not at all. i didn't bother with the assistant manager on duty that night. i get more honey by talking to the top dogs when they're in at retail places. yeah, a $480 "administrative fee" in san francisco. i don't see how you retain the right to 'face your accuser'--how exactly do you interrogate a camera?  with a radar gun, you can question the individual  operator at least.  so what do you do? summon the entire tech staff of camera maintenance? what should i be drinking? you are right, i should have gone back.  and, normally i would, as a matter of principle.  but, it was 2 days later when i realized i was missing my card (but, i know that was the last place i used it and i recall i didn't get it back).  the thing is, do i drive over and spend time trying to convince the manager about my story? i needed a battery for my wife's car lock remote. bought one at target (now in canada and not doing very well), for $5 and it didn't work.  stopped at a hardware store, got 2 for $6.99.  just not worth my while to go thru the whole hassle of trying to return a $5 battery.  i am not sure they would believe me because what's to stop someone from putting an old battery in the package and trying to return that?  i saved $3 on the 2 batteries, so i was only out $2...but, then again they sell 3 batteries for $1 at the dollar store, but they had closed (i could have made money on that deal).  you might want to check out "the bridge" on sxm i tried these two stations and i really like the bridge at channel 32.  nice mellow songs that i know.  31 was nice soft music but nothing i recognized. thanks though....that's a good backup for 17. on sxm i listen to the '60's on 6 through the '90's on 9, pop2k, and my favorite- 1st wave. it only seems appropriate driving my '02... exactly- you <strong>  can't </strong> face your accuser. which is why i would never find someone guilty without a warm body testifying that he/she witnessed the alleged violation. while some compare it to collecting circumstantial forensic evidence, the cameras actually shift the burden of proof to the defendant. of course the safety nazis know what is best for us and can't be bothered by such frippery as the united states constitution. and don't forget that the cameras are operated by private companies that know their bottom line is padded by the number of tickets issued. police officers may have quotas, but at least their salaries aren't based on how many citations they write... 20 years ago i got a speeding ticket, caught on photo radar!  i was on the entrance ramp trying to get on the highway.  one lane was closed for repairs, the right lane.  there were huge trucks coming at full speed in the other two lanes.  i just gunned it to get thru the construction zone in the first lane, and to get ahead of the 2 trucks.  and i got caught...$65. the photo radar has no capacity to think or reason, at least a cop wouldn't be so stupid as to be sitting next to a highway near an entrance ramp when there is construction going on. since then a new provincial government axed photo radar, and it hasn't come back....hmm, that was the one and only time we had a socialist new democratic party.....without getting into any debates that might mean something.  (something like people who can afford faster cars should be taxed by paying more speeding tickets....it's a liberal ploy to collect more tax from those that can afford faster cars). woo-hoo!!! looks like i'll be covering the world intro of the new x6. not my favorite bimmer, but it should still be fun... what acuser would i be facing?  a camera?  and who is being acused?  me?  innocently sitting at home while my wife is running errands in my car? the whole idea is fraught with constitutional pitfalls. i don't want/need my police dept sneaking around....trying to fine me for crimes i'm not even present for.  i don't want them spying on me, either. just wanted to post the follow up to my dealings with the dealer that charged me an inflated money factor on my lease. i emailed the sales manager of the dealer responding to his post purchase email asking if i was pleased with my purchase. i told him i was not and would like to meet with him to discuss the details. we met in his office and he had another sales manager and finance manager there as well. i was a bit surprised by this. i told him what happened and the finance manager basically says they have a spread on the money factor they can use and the sales manager tells me they like to focus on the monthly payment versus these details. anyway i told him my interaction with the sales guy that i specifically asked him if  i had qualified for the best lease rate after running my credit. he said yes. he agreed that the salesman was wrong in saying this. so he asks me what i would like them to do about it. i told him i would like them to re-do the lease with the correct .25 money factor. finance manager said that was impossible as it was already with ford credit. i then asked him if they would write me a check for the difference of the money factor i was charged... $1500. he said absolutely to my shock. they detailed my car and handed me the check. i think the other 2 employees were also in shock. very pleased and stunned with this outcome. what do salesmen say?  "if you don't ask...you don't get" amazing. i'm glad it turned out this way for you. , good for you (and good for the dealer!). i would've given her more coffee, which has nothng to do with the original dealership situation. wow. what a great ending. congratulations. on another note, ford corporate sent me a check for $475. the c-max mileage was recalculated and went down from 44 to 36mpg with whatever new system they were told to use by the epa. so they sent a check to cover the extra money i'd spend in gas. since most of our drive is on battery power, the lower rating doesn't make a difference to us. thanks for the update mike.  i am really looking forward to getting my new e.  i drove my wife's a4 this week and i really like how you can sit up high and the instrument panel and hood are low...so you feel like you are sitting higher, with lots of glass from top to bottom.  that's the way the e feels too.  with the 535 you are kind of low and the seats are lower.  i think i am going to like the extra comfort. we leave for florida on a saturday, nov 8th, so that we can drive thru atlanta on a sunday.  by then i should know how some of the basic gizmos work i hope. wow!  way to go koctailz!  i love it.  i would say you had about a 3% chance of getting something back, but you did really well! good business people are reasonable.  if you just present your case and they can see you are a rational person you have a good chance. you deserve a lot of credit for facing them, making your case, and winning.  you should write to him and thank him for being fair, and that you will not hesitate to recommend the dealership to others....maybe not that sales guy though. thanks for getting back to us too....you made my day, especially since djokavich and federer lost at the u.s. open tennis today. but, would you have given her a free cup to put it in? now i'm conflicted about what kind of online review, if any, should give this dealer (assuming he hasn't already written some). you kind of want to ding the dealer and warn others but the dealer does deserve credit for doing "the right thing". i believe they make port here at autoport in nova scotia, a few miles down the road from me in dartmouth. it is a huge facility. good question....imho he got a fair deal.  a mistake is a mistake, but, it was corrected and they did that, with little hassle.  he is a satisfied customer.  the next buyer will just have to use his skills and beware, but, i think koctailz is a "very" satisfied customer. hey, and buying and selling cars helped to save him $1500. &gt; wow! ask and ye shall receive. i wish i had done that with my last purchase. the price i paid was higher than the published price in the newspaper. the difference was about $600 but that is about a year's worth of gasoline. let me know if you see an e400 in white with light gray interior and a black roof. i don't think they should be dinged on the survey.  it could have been a mistake, it could have been done on purpose.  the thing is the dealer corrected the problem when it was pointed out.  anything can go wrong in a transaction....if the problem is fixed everything is good, koctailz is a happy customer, and he should not mention the problem. you can't blame the dealer for trying, he should have double checked, but, when the error was pointed out they came through right away....they deserve an excellent rating and should be rewarded for listenning to the customer - remember, they didn't have to do that. they all come in wrapped in white covers - not sure what it is, from a distance it looks almost like tyvek - to protect them during shipping, with flaps on the windows to allow them to be driven around during shipping. maybe you could get a job driving them off the boat - that would be cool! i imagine that would get pretty old before too long. my hometown in ca has a large port used by many automakers. at the time, jaguar and mazda were the big tenants. now, mini uses them (port of hueneme - why-knee-me) a friend of my dad's did that job for a while - i don't remember too much about the particulars or whether he liked it or not. here's one you don't see much anymore. 1978 ford mustang v8 - $4,000 a lot of people didn't like the small body style, but i liked it. and this one comes with a v-8 a/t remember that the new tesla plant isn't to build cars, it is to build batteries.  my understanding is that tesla had a number of criteria for the location nevada, arizona, new mexico and texas were all considered.  illinois couldn't meet the first two criteria. but, you will get it out of your system and won't want to buy one. always on the top 10 list of worst cars built.  i am ashamed to admit my wife had a new one, a 4 cylinder.  lets face it, it was a pinto with lipstick. kind of cute, but really like driving a bathtub, you sit really low and kind of peer out of the window like a telescope.  not as much fun as it sounds, but the v8 would help. speaking of sitting low in a car and not being able to see out reminds me of an early '70,s ford gran torino that i had as a company car. you literally sat on the floor in that thing. i am 6-1 and i had to look thru the steering wheel. my boss, at the time, was an older gentleman about 5-2 and he could hardly see out the side windows. the padding in the front seat was about an inch thick if that, and if you hit a bump your butt would hit the floor. if the gas gauge got anywhere near empty you were out of gas. period. it was also a sickly green color...but i drove that thing about 75,000 miles over 2 years and it never missed a beat, plus i was 30 years old, had an expense acct., a company car, and life was pretty good !! i just received a letter offering me 2 free months of sirius so i activated it yesterday. so far i really have no opinion on it but looking at the list of stations there are only a hand full that i would hold any interest in. i mean really who needs an all pearl jam all the time station? driver, i thought you ordered diamond silver metallic, not white, for your e400?  i guess you must have changed your mind. again the accuser is the city/county/state which is represented by their attorneys. the pictures or video have to be reviewed by someone using specific metrics and they can be called into court. now i have to ask, if you were on a jury in a murder case and the evidence against the defendant was that his fingerprints and dna were all over the crime scene, the victims blood was all over his clothes and there was a very clear video from a security camera showing the defendant killing the victim you wouldn't convict because no "warm body" testified to the act? i taught high school driving classes in one of those 70s torinos.  the rear window sloped a lot too, so there was a lot of hidden spots.  i felt i was driving in a pit too.  i preferred teaching in the plymouth valiant, very squared off with big windows.  the perfect car for driver ed btw....i know all about expense accounts.  after 16 years with the same company, and a company car, and i got canned from that job, it was very hard to start paying for my own gas, car insurance, and car.  i had to grow up quickly and get used to the real world. remember, i saw a white one coming at me and i liked the white better than diamond silver (just by a little bit).  i went back to the dealer and they changed it for me, the last day before the color would have been locked in. $600 for a years worth of gas? either you have a car that gets super high mpg or you don't drive very much or you're living in the 60's. at todays prices around here and doing my normal driving i would go about 3,700 miles or roughly 3.5 months on $600. i also tend to like white colors for autos, especially metallic white. plain white, not so much. it also depends on the particular car. some look great in white, some look like delivery vehicles. it seems that way.  my current car is white, but actually the car before that was james bond blue, the 2004 x3 before that white.  my wife has had white for 2 cars in a row and the passat is white. i don't get as tired of white as quickly as i do other colors.  i also like black but my wife said if i got black i would have to wash it every day.  thus white! that is a flawed analogy; in the murder scenario there are multiple items as well as differing types of evidence. would you convict someone of a crime solely on the basis of <strong>  one </strong> fingerprint or photo? and would it trouble you to know that the individuals collecting the evidence worked on commission based on how much evidence was collected? but cameras can be fooled. for one thing, if someone is making a right turn while you are "running" the red light, the camera might pick them up, but only show you. also calibration isn't precise. i tripped one of these cameras (i clearly saw the flash) but i was definitely already in the intersection when the light turned red--the camera was slow by at least 10 feet.  needless to say, i never got a citation for that one, but had i received one, i would have fought it. wasn't that the first year of the much maligned fox body? that style isn't my cup of tea but it's not ugly either. that era had some pretty bad styling as car makers spent all their money trying to build lighter, gas sipping vehicles.  i remember when they came out with the miniature dodge charger in the 80s i thought my car buying days were over. <em>  wasn't that the first year of the much maligned fox body? </em> no, 78 was the last year of the mustang ii (74-78). fox body was 79 thru 93. well, i've heard those mustang ii's are growing a bit in popularity but to a lot of "us" they are still looked upon as glorified pintos. i forget, were those v-8's 302's?  i know they didn't have a lot of horsepower as was the case for a lot of cars in those dark days. hey, i always say, buy what you like! must be strong and stick to my new year's resolution. deep breaths. it depends on the jurisdiction; in states/municipalities where traffic citations are codified as "administrative offenses" constitutional safeguards do not apply. the iihs, speed/red light camera businesses, etc., <strong>  love </strong> those jurisdictions as it's much easier to keep the money flowing to the various "interested parties". and since the camera companies get compensated by the number of citations issued, it's much easier to scam the public in these jurisdictions by shortening yellow lights , etc, in states like kentucky, <strong>  any </strong> moving violation is a criminal offense and all of the constitutional rights must be granted to the accused- proof beyond a reasonable doubt, a trial by jury, the right to confront your accuser, the right subpoena witnesses/produce evidence, etc. the photo taxation companies have lobbied the ky legislature to make it possible for them to set up their money machines in the bluegrass state, but they have had no success- thankfully. my first car in 1986 was a '74 gran torino 4-door in a lime yellow-green color with a dark green vinyl interior. i just got a laugh out of your description of the seat and driving position as it was spot on. i remember being able to feel the seat springs on every bump too. and standard seating adjustments were pitiful back in those days too. just back and forth with no recline or anything else.  a tank of a first car, with less than 10 mpg out of the 351 cleveland engine (that was good for, what, a whopping 140 hp back in the day?). fortunately, gas in houston in the late '80s was still well under a buck a gallon. not one of ford's "better ideas". your doing good verd....just keep checking in twice a month and you will avoid problems. long time lurker here too… i had xm for a few years and dropped it after the last rate hike. i use pandora through my phone now. the advantages are once you "build" your stations, they are the same whether you're listening through your phone in your car, your computer at work, or your tv at home. with sirius/xm it is a separate subscription for every receiver you want to use. i pay the 6 bucks a month to not have ads, but you can go the free route if you don't mind an ad once in a while. it's a bit of a pain to have to open the app every time you get in your car, as opposed to having xm just start playing on its own, but it's a minor inconvenience to me. my company gives me a cell phone with a generous data plan, so i'm not sure how much data is used for streaming music for those who have to pay for it. nice to say hi to everyone, cheers! the mustang ii had a very watered down 302 v8 available. thanks for the welcome. i will try to chime in more often. nelson if you tell the sirius folks you're going to cancel they give you the rate you had. it's frustrating to play these games, but i like all the sports coverage and several music stations. i like my own ipod music too but enjoy hearing something different as well. driver - am i missing something here or are you deliberate in your comments? sometimes, antagonizing a situation can be destructive - or am i off base? no mike, you are right on...verdugo and i have a love, mmmmm, not so much love relationship.  no problem, we both have learned how to handle it.....we're having fun!  he loves reading my posts but doesn't like to comment on them. kind of like that ford dealer who takes advantage of you unless you notice and complain. just part of the game.....nice to hear from you suydam, join in anytime. i resally wonder if there is a future for xm as we know it.  i find i have about 5 or 6 channels i basically listen to, but i only hear two or three songs in a row i actually like.  so, i am constantly changing channels.  i would like a system where i can choose my music more, i think that will be the next step...building a list like pandora which is more rewarding to listen to. thanks for joining in nelsonf...the more the merrier. the xm trial in my new car continues. the only stations i listen to are the bridge, fox news, and fox business. the others all last about 2 songs and i switch. you're not off base. just driver being driver. and i'm trying to read the forum more regularly. one thing i like about sat radio in the jeep is that you can store 50 favorite songs and 50 favorite artists. when one of them comes up in <strong>  any </strong> channel, it alerts me. i don't have to change stations because my favorite songs keep coming up on their own. if it didn't have that feature, it'd get annoying having to manually change stations. it doesn't really bother me to change stations.  either because a song i don't like comes on, or i just feel like changing the mood.  just flick the thumb on the button, and scroll through.  generally of the 6 xm1 presets is working for me, or i can get radical and punch up xm2. don't they already have this?  i think they call it a taxi. it actually goes back to a year and a half ago new years resolutions.  i am sure verdugo is a good guy, but, some people just don't get along.  i would rather try to be a little bit entertaining if possible, and that has a double edge sword...if you miss you could say something that upsets someone.  kind of a joan rivers affect, some people like it, some don't.  i have friends and if we can insult each other in a clever funny way we all get a laugh out of it...but, someone else may take offense. one thing i do know, as i get older i get more crochety.  i don't like my neighbor and haven't talked to him for 2 years since he cut down 6, 30 foot spruce trees so he could build a pool.  he has 2 blazers and a corvette he takes out on sundays.  he's around 50, no kids and i think he must be a single kid who inherited his money and he is like a spoiled brat that gets what he wants...but, no one on the street talks to him.  then there's my sil, who thinks the more he cheats people the more successful he will be.  he also doesn't like to pay for things he buys.  strangely, a person could live off the money he spends to use atms, late charges to suppliers,  and nsf checks.  he had about 10 nsf checks in a row at $45 a pop.....and one of those checks was for $18! in another 5 years i probably won't be talking to anyone, i'll be real crochety by then. i call it..................."my wife". and neither does the burden of proof;  in the photo radar case you want to convict on the basis of one item of evidence- in the murder case there are multiple different items of evidence- all of which corroborate each other. again, would you convict someone of murder based on one fingerprint? at least you could cross examine the person who collected the evidence, as well as the person who analyzed it. in a traffic photo case you'd have one guy who basically testifies, "i downloaded the picture and the camera says the defendant is guilty- and oh yeah, the camera also told me it was working fine." fortunately, it's a moot point where i live, as well as in any state where the people have the good sense to keep constitutional protections in place for any criminal infraction. and i feel sorry for the residents of states where the bureaucrats who run their traffic offense money collection scheme believe that the book <em>  1984 </em> had a happy ending... if you get called for jury duty, just tell them you listen to fox news and you'll get dismissed! worked for me! in ohio the earlier attempt to "outlaw" the monster companies from australia, e.g., that run these things failed due to the governor's veto at end of his term. but more recently elmwood place, suburb of cincinnati had them frozen and that court case may be still in the ohio courts and one that the senate is counting on to do the senate's job since they're afraid to cross the donors vs their constituents wishes. my state representative said his opposition was due to the lack of ability to challenge the tickets the way it's set up here. i believe toledo also has a case in the higher courts. i put the red light camera/speed camera companies on the same level as the policemen back in the 70s and 80s that "retired" with high retirements, started their own company doing investigations where they would put their workers into schools to try to find out who was selling the drugs. the operation mode was essentially an entrapment setup to catch the other high school kids. i don't understand why the ohio senate doesn't just bring the bill out of committee and vote so the people will know how each one stands. worse is the lying cities who claim it's for safety on tv and radio interviews then as soon as the money may dry up the reality that they need the money to continue their highly overpaid public servant status as officers and other public officials rather than for the public safety. i still see red light accidents happening. and they said the cameras would stop all that. i still see speeding on the same streets/highways where they put up the speed cameras too. they said the cameras would stop all that. i personally would think a fox listener is more open minded toward hearing both sides of a story instead of just one side as other alphabet networks' listeners are. my last call of duty was really hard to get dismissed. i was 2nd from being an alternate and i had to work at getting off. i was ready to ask to be heard quietly at the bench because i was going to have to tell them that after watching the behavior or the criminal during the morning's proceedings and part of the afternoon during jury questioning, my analysis of his body language and eye movements was that he was guilty and he considered himself to be one of the criminal sharpies who could lie and maneuver  his way out of anything--much like the cohort in the ferguson shooting trying to lie on the first tv interviews and polluting the other alleged witnesses--except this defendant had an intelligence in the 130's i would estimate. funny thing, no jurisdiction that uses these so-called "safety cameras" classify speeding or disregarding a traffic control device as a criminal offense. they have to be classified as civil infractions in order for the cameras to survive. moving violations are reclassified as being equivalent to parking tickets- otherwise the companies and municipalities couldn't get away with it. of course insurance companies don't raise your premiums for parking tickets... and even then, the constitutionality of many of their revenue enhancement schemes has been successfully challenged, such as in - where cleveland tried to cut the court system out altogether. -- i stream pandora a lot in my car, and numerous podcasts, and i've never reached 1gb yet. it's the videos that gobble up your phone bill. this could describe me as well. i have a neighbor at the back of my property who is a really odd duck, and scary. a single guy who has lived there for 20 years or more, now retired from a blue-collar railway job. when i first moved here i tried to introduce myself to him early on and got blown off. i was astounded, we were perhaps 10 feet apart i am there saying "hello!" 3 times and he just ignores me entirely while looking straight at me. a couple of years later he was standing in my driveway looking up. i went out to introduce myself and his first words were a threat to sue me if i didn't have a tree at the rear of the property taken out, without any prior discussion on the topic. then one day i saw a guy in my driveway digging post holes on the property line, turned out he was employed by this clown to build a fence but hadn't told him he hadn't talked to anyone first. he then planted hedges entirely around his property and has not ever trimmed them, so they are now 12-14 feet tall and act as an impenetrable barrier. what else -- oh yeah, one day before the hedges took over i was in the spare bedroom on my elliptical machine which faced the window that looks toward his property. he came around the corner from his driveway, saw me in the window, and gave me the finger. i just about fell off the machine. i asked my 89 y-o neighbor about him, a sweet british lady, and she said she tried to introduce herself to him when he first moved in and he blew her off as well. he never has any visitors or friends come by, not a surprise. this guy apparently does not cook or ever buy groceries from what i can tell since he leaves and returns with fast food 3 times a day, morning noon and night. he has a gun that he uses to fire at critters (blanks i hope) in his backyard to keep them away. i have seen him throw snowballs in the winter at the pigeons on his roof. and whatever windblown debris (candy wrappers, etc) that ends up on his lawn, he picks up and throws it into neighbors property when he mows. i think he is a total lunatic and sociopath, but what can you do? he is scary enough that i would just as soon avoid him entirely, but his actions make it unpleasant. this is ultra liberal seattle. i've taken a lengthy questionnaire that pegged me at exactly what i thought i was, a moderate conservative.  defense attorneys don't like guys like me. i have f friend who is self employed.  a one man operation and he can't be bothered with jury duty.  when he gets c notice in the mail, he just throws them away.  he's done this about four times now and nothing has happened. "...he has 2 blazers and a corvette he takes out on sundays. he's around 50, no kids..." i think you're just jealous that he has a corvette. i absolutely <strong>  love </strong> not having any neighbors. no old codger asking if my mower is broken if i haven't cut the grass often enough to suit him. no complaints if my son and i are watching <em>  iron man 3 </em> at a reference spl. no hoa nazis telling me i have to keep my garage door closed. heaven... &gt; you have got to be kidding me.  listening to glenn beck and sean hannity is "open minded"???? if you want to get off jury duty, tell them you've been arrested.  doesn't matter what for, or how long ago. my neighbors are close enough, but we are separated by boundaries.  there is a creek behind my house separating me from the guy behind me.  there are some woods &amp; a pond separating me from my next door neighbor, and i've got streets in the front and on the other side of me.  my neighbors across the street &amp; i get along great.  they've got 3 kids the same age as 2 of my kids) lol. i said fox news... most people can distinguish between opinion shows and the news carried throughout the day. i am able, as well, to pick out overstatement and facts from two sides, if existent, of a topic. however, rachel madcow, ronan farrow, al sharpie, the lady with tampons as earring, of nbc fame,  walt blitzer and others suggest they are reporting news when instead they are giving commentary. guys - you are breaking our agreement on this topic. i think you just listed half the broadcasting day as opinion. i have very wise friend who made this statement, not saying i agree or disagree but it is worth thinking about.  his statement, not mine, fox news is for people who don't really understand the news, since they interpret it for you.  i don't want to argue it because i am not sure it is true, but, it does make me think.  i suppose you could say the same about msnbc the other way. sorry rob2.......had to add that for something to think about. i agree, but apparently the defense attorneys don't want you to be open minded, fair, and to be able to think and make decisions on your own. oh that is the last thing they want. thank you robr2, for reminding everyone to stay off politics, for the good of the group. shifty i think you have him pegged, a lunatic and sociopath.  i think there are some people who are even more crochety than me, they just don't want to be sociable, and they make themselves unsociable. i think my neighbor is like that, he has upset everyone around him because he just wants to be left alone.  i think his wife just goes along with him so as not to upset him. we lived in the country before this but i prefer to have neighbors...if they are nice.  it was noisier in the country, frogs and crickets at night, and i could hear the speedway which was about 10 miles away, on saturday nights.  one day i realized if we had to get an ambulance or go to a hospital it was a long ways off....probably die before we got there.  and, any trip to town was an extra 20 minutes each way.  grocery shopping had to be carefully planned, a cooler for ice cream in the summer.  no last minute running out to get things if someone is going to drop in, or you forget something. so, for this time in my life i prefer to live in an urban area.  i also tend to think there is safety in numbers, at least more safety. but, just ignore your neighbor, he is obviosly anti-social and doesn't want to be friendly. no, i am jealous because he has no kids. lol! but, just ignore your neighbor, he is obviosly anti-social and doesn't want to be friendly. i think there's something wrong with the neighbor. we have zoning laws limiting hedges, fences, etc., to reasonable amounts and heights. we chose to live within a city and have neighbors. the ones in back put dirt along their rear fence line blocking the water that used to leave my property onto theirs and then run onto their neighbor before making its way to the county drain on my next adjacent neighbor's property. that water backed up onto my property during really heavy rains due to their change. i never spoke to them after that. we live 1 minute from the fire department rescue location--1 minute total response time that is. the police chief lives 1/4 mile away. the past asst. fire chief lives down the street a few houses. he's now a chief for an adjacent fire agency preparing to return when the current chief retires. has a fully equipped emergency vehicle with which he responds to the neighboring agency's calls. neighbors across the road are a fireman with emergency training and his wife is a nurse. next door neighbor is a nurse. i like having neighbors. and i totally see that many people prefer not to have anyone close enough that they would be aware of them. yup. lol. yeah, i tend to agree. i try to avoid him as much as possible. it is only when he annoys me (by throwing trash in my driveway when he mows for example) that i get devious thoughts. i would love to be able to "gaslight" him, preying on his sociopathic tendencies even more. but i can't really figure out how without too much risk. wish i was more devious. driver...that valiant brought back memories.  last year of college, i needed some credit hours.  had all my major courses out of the way and needed some electives. on a whim, i took a couple of driver's education courses because a girl i had the "hots" for at the time was a ta for the driver's ed prof. the university had a valiant, with a ton of miles on it, with the separate brake pedal on the right for the instructor. after two quarters of driver's ed (and striking out with the ta both quarters), i got my certification by the state to teach driver's ed.  made some pretty decent money doing so (at least for a dirt poor college student at the time).  of course, i got to use the university's driver's ed car if the driver's ed student was enrolled in the university.  so, i had zero overhead, too. pretty good gig.  never used that little melange of my education again, and let my certification lapse a long, long time ago. if i ever have to deal with the "justice" system in the future (it's been 45 years since i went up for not wearing a helmet while riding my motorcycle), i hope i get a judge with your point of view. since the californians have invaded arizona, it's far less likely. that would be really irritating for me. i'd tend to just throw it back.... but if he's scary enough have you checked to see if he has a record of mental issues? arrests?  whatever the hippa laws allow? also a case of a neighbor who just isn't considerate of other people...it seems to be pretty common these days. i do wonder though if your neighbor realizes their dirt is causing flooding for you.  it may be worth devising a plan that could work for you, and then going over and having a friendly chat about the problem.  if they are like my neighbor, he couldn't care less, but, i think most people would see your predicament and try to help. i am not sure, but there may be city rules that wouldn't allow someone to redirect the flow of water onto someone elses property. we have about 20 really nice neighbors, just this one jerk next to us and when i see him i think of that saying, big fences make good neighbors.......good luck. one other thought, make a larger wall so the water goes back in his direction. i had to look up "gaslighting someone", never heard the term before.  this is what i found to manipulate events and situations in order to make a person believe that he or she is crazy. from the 1944 movie with charles boyer and ingrid bergman. he kept stealing her keys and putting them in the freezer in order to gaslight her. we had a neighbor across the street from us 2 houses ago.  he had a nice house which he maintained and he had nice neighbors until a new one moved in.  the two teenage sons were completely wild, had pool parties, and through their empty beer bottle/cans across onto my nice neighbors yard.  one day he saw them and through them back and the new neighbor came yelling at him and told him he better not do that. the nice neighbor didn't want it to escalate, so he just thru the bottles out himself.  eventually the kids went off to university.  the wildman had to downsize because his rug cleaning business went downhill and he moved....the whole street was happy. not sure what you can do to your neighbor...these days people have security cameras too...that's all you need!  i have thought of throwing a whole box full of laundry detergent into my neighbors pool and watching the bubbles.  i have thought of growing some trees with long roots that will go through the pool wall.  i wanted to build a 15 foot wooden fence between us, and paint his side yellow and purple.  i also wanted to wait until he had guests, go out on my deck in a tiny speedo, and dance to some loud rap music. maybe we can all help each other with a big party at each others houses. i got pretty good at using that brake on the right side, but, i was really good at reaching across and steering the car with my left hand a few times.  i'm glad i don't do driver ed any more. but one fellow at the time opened his own driver ed school and he franchised the business and he did very well.  even back then, i taught in a valiant, he taught in a firebird. we had to move my mil into assisted living a few weeks ago and we are getting her house ready to put on the market.  living next door is a microsoft family and i think where they came from there is no conception on how to maintain a yard. oh, he has a guy mow and blow but he instructs him to just use a weed wacker on the flower blades.  he has never trimmed or pruned any shrubbery to the point one window has a bush so big that only about the top four inches of glass are visible. so nice to have an eyesore next to the house we will be selling! but...today something wonderful happened or at least i hope so! i hired a guy to prune the dead branches out of the japanese maple in her front yard and he showed up this morning. the neighbor came out and actually asked him for a quote on cleaning up his yard and it looks like this is going to happen this week! get this...my guy told me he told the neighbor.. " you have such a nice house in such a nice neighborhood.  i was wondering how anyone could let it go like this" hopefully this will happen! i was going to add that too but seeing how you feel about your sil i didn't want to be mean. sounds more like paranoid ideation to me.  he obviously thinks that you are throwing trash on his property.  his evidence? it's there!  the paranoid mind adds 2+2 and comes up with 5. the wind blows a mcdonalds cup on his lawn and in his mind someone must have throw it there.  his other behaviors build from that. probably thought you were spying on him when he saw you in the window.  hence the finger. give this guy a wide berth. he's in canada so they don't have hippa.  i hope they have something more workable. hhmm wonder if that  might work for me should i get called upon again, there's hope . i have only had to go once before and serve, civil case, automobile related and while it was interesting, don't need to do it again. at least they are pretty upfront with the auto-renewal . onstar seems not so much so (just canceled mine halfway through free trial) mine was ordered on august 12, so if it is built on sept 12, and arrives 4 weeks later that should be oct 12, i am half way there. i love my 535, but, i think i am going to like the e400 a lot more...especially because of the more comfortable seats and quiet ride.  hope i can get used to the gps and other stuff. does mercedes come with free sirius? i'll have to remember to cancel my sirius if it does. what about hard drives and stuff...i guess the dealer will remove all my music. the last time i drove in a corvette was about 25 years ago.  i felt like my butt was rolling over the pavement.  i am sure they make them better riding today, but, i wasn't that impressed. today, when i see them, i like them, but, not for me. i am afraid i would get into it and probably need the fire department to lift me out. i wonder how many people really make a note and remember to cancel.  those offers are like the mail-in rebates they had at electronics stores.  i am sure most people take the item home with the intention of mailing in (after taking photo copies and sending by special mail) for their rebate, but, of course, people procrastinate and eventually forget.  i just checked and only 40% of rebate money is actually given out.  seems a lot of companies make it very difficult for you to claim a rebate. i got lots of freebies with my galaxy 10 tablet....but, they were all free for awhile.  i didn't want to try to cancel them all so i didn't bother signing up. with sirius, i mark it on about 5 calendars when to phone them. it's that "feel of the road" that comes with some sportier cars! lol. i never cared that much for "feel of the road" but instead i like a car that i can it in for 10-12 hours to drive to charleston and not feel like i need a chiropractor. corvettes will not serve that purpose for me! but while i realize it is fun to rag on chevrolet, i noticed the motorweek (yuck) test of the i8 from bmw.  it looked awfully low to the road. awfully stiff. if got less mileage than a volt (which they mention) and can only go 17 miles on a charge, if i heard right!. and the price is, hold on to your seats, $145,000 real dollars? for a car that won't go more than 17 miles on electricity but then can cruise on the 3-cylinder engine from then on. after listening to all the fun that was made of the volt by virtue of its having an ice for extended range, i can't wait to see how they mock the i8. no thanks. the closest i got to interested in any cars recently was the e350 rear end in front of me in columbus near campus the other day. then i was behind another e350 within a minute of an earlier year with a rounded, more majestic trunk shape. the first e350 had flat sides to the tapered trunk which looked like a honda tl's shape. i like the shape of the more formal trunk of the older e350. we're now at 100 pages in the new forum. <em>  3 months of concierge service </em> is that where you pull up and ask for grey poupon and the concierge brings it out? yup -- that would be 3000 posts, only 97k to go. they used to have 20 or 25 posts per page, but upped it to 30 sometime in the last several months. we should be there in oh say 3 or 4 months at the current rate using rough estimation! lol. but it sure is pretty! actually, it sounds like a neat car if you don't mind the $140k price overview with swan-wing doors, a shark-nose front end, and a supercar stance, the i8 plug-in hybrid is bmw’s most revolutionary car in decades. the interior seats four in trappings worthy of an ian schrager hotel. a turbocharged three-cylinder engine/electric motor duo with a combined 357 hp delivers m3-like acceleration, a 155-mph top speed, and prius-like efficiency. handling is agile and steering precise; braking is great for any car, let alone a hybrid. it gets 22 miles per charge, but i think it can charge on the fly.  they're only expecting to sell 500, and it is not for the masses. i did see an i3 on the road and it looks much better in real life. i have no problem with driver. as long as he doesn't start arguing for the sake of arguing, he's fine. when he does that, i just don't take the bait anymore. but absolutely no grudge over here. i seriously think that's the funniest thing you've ever said! t-mobile doesn't count pandora and a few other music streaming services towards your data cap. pretty good deal. and one of my favorites (favourites in canadian) is the 1999 e class with the simple styling, flat sides, big windows, large headlights. i didn't know the part about the commercials. i find they annoying and i don't listen to it enough to justify paying for it. for those of my friends here who don't post or follow the chronic car buyers anonymous thread here on edmunds, here's an actual "buying experience." i just got 1 step closer to punching my card. i ordered a 2015 subaru legacy 2.5i premium. in addition to the dealer i drove the car from (kingsley subaru - rye, ny), i also emailed the dealer closest to my house (subaru stamford - stamford, ct), &amp; a dealer about 40 minutes away near where my parents live (bill kolb jr. subaru - orangeburg, ny). the guy i test drove the car with came back with the cheapest price. everyone was in the ball park. i ended up paying about $500 over invoice for the car ($23,800). my car should be here next week. i'm excited! here are the numbers broken down subaru stamford $23,826 + $379 conveyance fee = $24,205 kingsley subaru $23,800 + $75 doc fee = $23,875 bill kolb junior subaru $23,808 + $75 doc fee = $23,883 every little bit helps. the prices from "kolb" &amp; "stamford" include a $100 discount for being a costco member. the price from "kingsley" includes a $300 discount for being a aaa member. thanks mike.  i'm happy with the deal &amp; cannot wait to take delivery of my new car.  this car represents a bunch of "firsts" for me.  my 1st subaru, first car with tan guts, 1st car with a boxer engine, 1st car with a cvt. i have had plenty of tan interiors.  no cvts however.  but, i have owned 2 subes in the past.  both fwd however, and stick shifts. congrats, bradd. ordering gets you exactly what you want. the cost over lot buying is negligible and you don't have to settle. this is a buy (not a lease) right? yup.  i'm buying this time around.  thanks for the well wishes!!  i'm planning on financing for 72 months.  subaru is offering 2.9%.  i told the sales guy that if he can get me a better rate, than ill take it from another bank. i heard an industry term when i was walking the lot with my sales guy.  a girl pulled up in her grandfather's lease return.  a previous generation impreza with a missing wheel cover &amp; numerous dings, dents, &amp; scratches.  my sales guy   "wow!  that car has hit everything except the lotto." good on the buying. i ordered once and it was a fun way to buy. the dealer calls you every week or so and gives you a progress report which puts some excitement into the whole process. kind of like a countdown to delivery day. then he spins you up a little with how happy you'll be. nice. congratulations and happy driving nyc.  it isn't fair, you get your car in a week and mike and i have to wait two months. funny that all those selling prices are so close...within $26, but that "conveyance fee" sure makes a difference.  i guess a "conveyance fee" is a fancier and more expensive word for doc fee.  like a "sales consultant" instead of salesperson.  or a "previously owned" car instead of a used car. anyway, the subie sounds like a lot of fun and you are going to enjoy it! when i leased my cars around 1980 terms were generous, lots of miles, low residuals, no hassle return.  today, i understand they go over the car carefully and deduct for anything that isn't perfect.  that is probably a big advantage to buying...there is more control over those expenses, and if someone gets into financial trouble, you own the car so you can sell it.  getting out of a lease isn't easy and it could be costly. when i leased my regal they were selling some sort of "walk away" insurance that got you off the hook for all those little dings and scratches. i forget how much but iirc it was pretty cheap. congrats.  subaru is a great choice.  it will surely be different than that 328xi, but they deliver on what they promise - safe and inexpensive transportation with a little dose of entertainment.  here in florida, subaru dealers rank generally above the mainstream in terms of experience.  they are not quite luxury experience (long shot from it) and they don't pretend to be, but all they tend to me much more laid back and straightforward than say volume toyota/honda dealers.  after having two of those (wrx and sti) it's hard to even want to go to those other guys for a test drive.  a visit on subaru lot is always pleasant, whereas nearly every time i went to those volume stores, i felt i needed a shower afterwards. i would probably opt for that insurance if cheap enough, but i sure saved a bundle by not buying all the extra insurance i could have bought for the 535.  run flat tire insurance, $1800 - they'll replace as many as you need but for $400 you can buy a lot of tires.  also, ding insurance cost $300 or $400.  i do have one stone chip that went right through the 3m plastic shield which cost $400 and is of dubious help. insurance can be the biggest scam of this decade. they talked about a scam people are being taken for, on the radio this morning.  you get a message on your telephone that says it is very important information and you should call a number immediately.  once you call they have a recorded message that keeps you on the phone as long as possible, and you can be billed for as much as $2400 a minute.  the toll free number is in the dominican republic and can start with 809, though there are others. don't call back if you get a message and it sounds like a weird exchange number. &gt; great news, mike! i'm sure it will be a tough time, but i'm hopeful that he'll come through cancer-free.  this is the beginning of his healing. i basically shave my s.o.'s hair for him every few weeks.  it's an "in" look these days, and my so comments on how much easier showering is - only one product - body wash.  there's an upside to almost everything. fantastic news mike ! plus 1, and a big thumbs up!  this truly is great news. &gt; are we talking "customer service", or "cell phone operation"?  assuming that we are talking actual cell phone operation (cellular service), then tmobile comes in 3rd in this area.  verizon is number 1, as they are in most places.  at&amp;t is a solid second place, just as they are in most of the united states.  tmobile is 3rd, and sprint is a distant 4th place. in the high rise downtown building where i work, verizon works about 90% of the time.  at&amp;t, maybe 75%.  tmobile, not at all unless you hold the phone next to an outside window on the north side of the building. at my house, all 4 of the major carriers work perfectly. i will agree with you that tmobile is a "best buy", excellent value for the money. oh, and here's something i ran across while browsing "ten cars that probably should not have hit the road" great news mike!  keep us posted! fantastic news mike....i am so glad for you. it's amazing what they can do these days. my older sister is going on 6 years as a aml survivor. just shopped a new razor, but it was $8 for the handle and one cartridge. better to get a 4 pack of cartridges, but the one blade in my gillette is two years old. i'm too cheap to shave much more than my neck below my beard once or twice a week. finally saw a sunroof today on a mini but the owner wasn't around to quiz him/her about the heat and whether they'd get another one. now that we aren't on the road, driving the big honking minivan is grating on me. great news mike. i had a molar extracted today instead of the planned root canal.  the novocaine is wearing off.  it now hurts. that must be a world record....send the blade to guiness book of world records. i like having a sunroof but it isn't a big deal.  most of the year it isn't practical, just adds too much heat.  what kind of minivan do you have that is so honking big?  or is anything larger than a mini big? went to look at a used truck today. i got there and spent about 5 minutes with my mouth open, gazing first at the printed ad, and then at the "very clean, needs nothing" truck.  i suppose next time i'll only look at adverts that show both sides of the truck in the photos. whee, shifty, there goes two more hours of your life! thanks for sharing rob btw....i have a colonoscopy in oct....wish they would get those little camera (periscopes) up and going. it's an '09 dodge grand caravan. emphasis on grand. our first one was an '89 voyager. really good size. the second was the '99 quest. still smallish, especially compared to the grand caravan. that said, the mazda 5 seemed a bit too narrow. , sometimes the cards don't play out well (as you well know). but your news really is encouraging. oh yeah, i guess y'all know about drying off your razor blade after every use? i don't use mine much, but i think that's a big reason why it doesn't dull too fast. what mike said.  colonoscopy is the easy part.  the prep?  oy... thoughts to you and yours, mike. the pain isn't from the extraction area.  it seems to be coming from my cheek where the novocaine was injected.  maybe when it's all worn off, the gum will hurt. the root canal was prescribed in the middle of july.  due to limited time, i wasn't able to do it until today.  the endodontist noticed it was cracked and it went down below the gum line.  so off to the oral surgeon i went.  in about 4 months i'll have to decide if i want an implant. i just picked up the vicodin prescription.  i'll use it as a last resort as i have to drive the next 3 days making sales calls.  ibuprofen will the the drug of choice except at night. our first one was an '89 voyager. really good size. the second was the '99 quest. still smallish, especially compared to the grand caravan. so, are we talking about getting a mini as a replacement vehicle...as in bmw mini? how many of you are on this trip?  will a mini replace a graqnd caravan or regular caravan? this will be my second one...so, not looking forward to it.  i wish they would find another method, rather than drinking 10 gallons of prep.  maybe some draino type formula. mike, i thought of two questions for you about the new mercedes.  do they give you sirius and for how long?  and, are you getting your windows tinted?  you may need it living in florida year long, i am not going to get it.  they tried to scare me by telling me if i don't get it the dash could crack and all that....i have never had that happen in any car i have owned. i do think i will go to an aftermarket place....a reputable one, and have the upholestry 3m'd.  my friend with the maserati said his wife spilled coffee in the mas and it just wiped right up.  you may not need it with black, my seats are almost white.  and, i won't be able to wear any new jeans in the car...that die really comes off. not to re-ignite the great shaver debate, but my son and i have switched to the . $5.50 for the razor, and 16 cartridges for $18.70. , sorry for the confusion. i'd love a mini in the family but i want my sister to get one so she can pay for the repairs and let me drive it every blue moon. the mini in my post was just the first car i've seen here in las cruces with a sunroof period - i think people are afraid of them with the heat. we've been shopping hatches and the current front runners are the soul and prius v (note that both offer big honking holes in the roof as options). gonna be hard to downsize though even though there's rarely more than two of us in the car. mostly we like to camp and haul bikes around, and that's easy in a van. gotta buy a house first though (and almost every house we've looked at have had skylights - go figure). ( , maybe i should buy one of your blades to keep me going until 2016). great news mike! i've heard nothing but good things about loma linda. i lifelong (kindergarten) friend lives in la quinta and she's a critical care nurse at eisenhower hospital. hey isell, my wife was talking about going to seattle to visit.  a friend of hers just got back from a long weekend (extended trip for a wedding) and was raving about how many fun things there were to do, and how nice it was.  but expensive! i just renewed my sirius and got their 6 month free deal. renewed my daughter's subscription at the same time. on sunday, i was able to listen to the pats/dolphins, then the 49er's/cowboys and finally bronco's/colt/s game. we spent a lot of time in the car. yes, it does completely.  i was looking into a car that had the side windows tinted and i didn't like it...if someone was in the car i wouldn't even be able to make them out.  i can just see a cop coming up and shooting because he doesn't know who is driving, or what they may have in their hands...as in a weapon! i am glad you mentioned the rear window, i don't like reduced visibility. i'll have to see how weather works, it sounds like it may be worthwhile and traffic could be worthwhile, especially for the florida trip (that will be a good test), but the 6 months of sirius will be nice for me...i'll have to remember to cancel my subscription on the 535. thanks.  at this point, probably not happening any time soon.  but i have it on the list. i almost had a business trip back in august out there, but i ended up just phoning in for my part.  still a chance before year end, but probably not. ugh, just yanked my smoldering viking dishwasher out on to the back porch.  wife hears a "pop" and it starts smoking. stupid thing was new in 2008 keeping this car related i wonder if a new dishwasher will fit in the back of the lexus...? hey firefighter, where do you live? i'm in greenwood. just curious, nelson mike gets free sirius....he just buys a new car every 6 months. regarding tint - llumar makes a clear tint that blocks 99% of harmful uv rays.  i had installed in my passat back in 2005 (side/rear/sunroof).  no issues with reduced visibility at night. i don't know if i want to use a blade called a dork - o! i think i got it now.  bikes, camping gear, etc, sounds like you really need a van type of vehicle, do bikes fit in a soul?  a sunroof seems very important to you, but, almost everyone here who has one has said they could live without it. how is this for a unroof? not good for bikes and camping gear though we've really been spoiled with the vans. this last trip was a pain because there was no room inside for the bikes, what with all the stuff we moved in the van. so the bikes got tied to the roof rack and never came off. i think the trick with a soul or other hatch will be a hitch rack. we don't tote canoes any more so we can otherwise downsize. the panoramic roofs look nice but we mostly want the light up front where we sit. the escape we looked at had a nice sized sunroof but it started so far back from the windshield you couldn't really enjoy it unless you were in the backseat. (that razor looks fine but shipping kills it). having lived in the hellhole that is phoenix for well over three decades, i've learned a few things about window tinting.  my most recent tint was expensive, but far superior to anything i've had previously.  it's called huber optik and originated in germany.  it's not nearly so dark as conventional tints but is every bit as effective. how do sunroofs sell there, ? hard to say, really, since most high-end cars come that way unless one goes to great pains to special-order one with no hole in the roof, and sometimes it's not even possible. i know i don't use mine much, except as a vent during the day with the rear windows cracked and the windshield covers up. it'd be somewhat interesting to know what the take rate is on more pedestrian vehicles that offer a "moonroof" as an option, but i certainly don't have access to that. thanks, didn't think about the vent option. a solar powered van like greenhouses use could be handy. i have a screen but half the time i forget to stick it in the windshield. that's the kind of thing i get upset about in a car.....when it is designed poorly.  why have a sunroof if it is behind you?  then there are cars with low seats and high beltlines you can't see out of.  or big pillars blocking off the view.  i am not sure how this happens, i think it is a combination of cars built by committees (the engineers don't talk to the designers), restrictions on cost, manufacturers not really caring enough. that sunroof being behind the driver and passenger should not happen. i want a sunroof in my new mercedes because i have always wanted a black plastic roof, contrasts nicely with the white! have you considered one of these? i'm more partial to the . we compared the escape sunroof to the one on an edge on the lot and the edge's was perfect. don't know why the design idea didn't transfer to the escape - probably to meet a roof crush standard. , front tire removal works but not so well with a tent, bags, cooler and a couple of milk crates with miscellaneous stuff crammed in with them. it got to 60? lol to you and michael. here is the multipla which i have seen in europe...pretty popular there, a very sensible car they could only make...and probably sell....in europe. kind of like a european aztek! i like those older espace kind of vans that look like they are rolling on 14" wheels too. lol, the multipla.  thanks for that trip down memory lane.  i spent quite a bit of time working in italy when those things were selling.  it looks so odd it's almost endearing.....almost.  and then top gear pimped one out for people rather experienced in life, adding lounge chairs, a giant foam bumper, simplified controls, beige paint, etc...   what a riot. one link said it was top gear's car of the year. i saw some over there a few years ago and they do look "even better" in person. that's great news mike! the proton treatment are superior to x-ray because the beam is very finely focused so it causes little damage to surrounding tissue. real important when dealing with the brain.  it's also very precise as to depth so all the killing ionization occurs in the tumor rather than in a path down to it. it was developed by a scientist who worked on the a-bomb and felt guilty ever after. you deserve to finally get good news. well... what did the other side look like?  any pictures so we can cluck like hens about how people can't be trusted? i can't imagine going 70 in one of those citroens...it just doesn't look balanced right.  it is like the scarry feeling i get when i see people pulling a trailer and it has tires that are about 4 inches wide......and usually they are wondering all over in the lane ahead. ".... i was looking into a car that had the side windows tinted and i didn't like it...if someone was in the car i wouldn't even be able to make them out. i can just see a cop coming up and shooting because he doesn't know who is driving, or what they may have in their hands...as in a weapon!.." driver, just get a bumper sticker that says "don't shoot, i'm canadian" and you'll be fine. dr gg recommends bourbon.  i'm on a bookers kick right now.  try that! i agree about the col here. everything is so expensive. now, about our rain. we do have our rainy season but we also have august. if you think you get a lot of rain here in issaquah we get twice what you get.  it's the lake and mountains that do this or so i'm told. i'd like to answer but i can only try.  there is no information on line and the packages changed from the 2014 to the 2015 models.  the only options i added were the sport/wood steering wheel with the flat bottom, always wanted one of those.  and the premium package i which i believe includes, sunroof, lane tracking and blind spot monitors, and i think keyless drive and pushbutton trunk are part of that package (they just have a sheet at the dealers, i suppose i could have got a copy).  i got the sport model and they said 90% of the cars are ordered that way.  i took the 17 inch standard wheels because if i remember correctly, the 18 inch wheels would not have all season tires.  mine will be 4matic and i believe that is the only way you can order them here. those options are locked in, but they don't have a price list yet so i don't know the final cost, but my discount is 4% of whatever it comes out to. i didn't get full leds because i do very little driving at night, and there are few times when i used the ventilated seats so i didn't get them....i have used them less than 10x in 3 years.  i have them in the 535 and i don't like the sound of the fan going, makes me think i have left a window open. if i really like the e400 i'll get them on my next one...it will be something to look forward to.  don't forget, i'll be paying 20% more for this car in canada, and probably 30% more after all your fancy discounts. dark ashwood trim and metallic paint are now no charge.  they always used to charge $700 or $800 for metalic paint which made me laugh because they don't charge extra for cars that cost a lot less????? i saw a white e350 with black spoke type wheels and i don't get that look that would probably help...since we aren't really allowed to have guns here....just the bad guys have them. that was interesting information about the proton treatment and how it came about. guess i could put up with going 70 in one of those citroens if a french girl was driving it and it was in the 80s.  back then, i wasn't as concerned about my safety. a reporter would like to speak to a recent car shopper who has shopped on their mobile device while on a dealer's lot. if this is you, and you'd like to share your story, please send your daytime contact info to no later than 1 p.m. pt/4 p.m. et on thursday, 9/11/14. "don't shoot, i'm canadian" ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha! yes, could be very different...don't forget, you can still buy a 2015 c550 in canada, but not an e350. it could even vary from state to state.  don't cars have different pollution controls say in california?  how do you pull a car destined for california if you wanted to do a trade in florida?  when we bought the passat it was advertised nationally as starting from $19999 (so they could offer a model for under $20k).  i couldn't find one on a lot in florida.  finally, a dealer said that was without air conditioning, and they couldn't sell a new car without a/c in florida.  kind of false advertising in a way. that was a real lol.  it would probably help to wear moose antlers too! my sirius renewal comes up on oct 14th...that's when my new car is supposed to arrive with 6 months free sirius. so, this subscription runs out just as my free one starts.  the guy on the phone was almost in tears, he tried transfering it to my wife's car, tried having me buy a free standing portable unit, everything. they probably wish they could take away the free service i will be getting....they kind of lost me for 6 months. renewal amount is $175.  i only paid $90 when i threatened to cancel.  they keep trying, you have to stay one step ahead of them. mike, they don't have that weather/traffic feature in canada yet. not sure if i posted this before, but i finally cut the sirius cord after many years. i was just finding that, more and more, i was flipping through all my stations and finding nothing on. based on experience, i knew cancelling is a huge hassle with them, so when i received a "bill" in the mail, i wrote on there to cancel and mailed it back. about a month later, i get an "overdue bill" from them. so i email them about it. they respond that i have to call to cancel on the phone. i wrote back telling them i am not interested, i already cancelled in writing through snail mail and now through email, and it is their choice if they want to continue providing me free service. the next response was that they would go ahead and cancel me and i would receive a prorated bill for the service i have already used. i wrote one last time and told them what they could do with that bill because i did not renew and i had cancelled by snail mail at an earlier date. they stopped bothering me after that and i never received any more bills. the new van has free sirius at the moment. that car is in my wife's name, so she can deal with it if she wants. i'll stick with my iphone now. back in '99 when i was shopping for a lincoln ls i learned that what was offered in canada was worlds different to what was being offered in the u.s. for my purposes the canadian version was more attractive, but the logistics were oppresive.  not impossible, but oppressive.  the canadian car was thousands less, fitted out the way i wanted it. there were a few weak explanations as to how this was possible, but the fact remained that there were people facilitating buying cars in canada and transferring them to the u.s.  seems that the primary argument was that warranty service would be difficult, as if someone actually living in canada who had bought one of these and moved to the u.s. would be put out on the street. the ls  was an odd car that at one time was considered by fmc to be a world car.  that lasted about 20 minutes, but it was an interesting time. us could be different than canada but when i called one option was to dial a number to stop your subscription.  in the case of sirius it seems better to call them if you want to unsubscribe.  i noted the person i talked to and the time in case of a disagreement.  just by luck, i have a different credit card so they can't try anything there either. it is too bad a company can't operate more transparent.  i don't like giving them my credit card and i don't like being charged almost double if i don't play their game...of going around their notice. <em>  they stopped bothering me after that and i never received any more bills. </em> q, similar thing years ago when moving from phoenix.  bank sent me a bill for $5 after closing my account and getting cash then moving to virginia beach. seems there is a point when closing that you go below the minimum balance and they can assess a fee, i kept mailing the bill back saying, why did your teller give me all my cash? i think you're making this up. after 4 or 5 more such letters i said your postage is costing more than your fake charge. give it a break, pal. the letters stopped. cars do have different options in canada than us, and often different standard equipment.  heated seats and sometimes steering wheels are often standard here, awd seems to be standard on higher end cars, all season tires, in ontario we have to have running lights in 1999 my wife wanted a mercedes.  i was leaning toward a cadillac catera....until i looked at the interior.  it was also a world car, but, just wasn't up to the same standards as a mercedes or bmw.  i am so glad we didn't buy one!  the ls was fords answer to the world market, the catera was cadillacs. but you will get 6 months free with your new car....isn't that one reason you bought it....free sirius. try 32, it is just like love but without the love.  same music, just more general songs.  that was a good suggestion. you may have dodged a bullet there, driver, re  catera.   my father had one.  he truly enjoyed driving it when it was not in the shop.  which he noted was where it spent more time than on the road or in his driveway...  i guess the zig was the route to the shop...  you are correct, mako.  can't use the "ashtrays" are full - who smokes today? you may have dodged a bullet there, driver, re  catera.   my father had one.  he truly enjoyed driving it when it was not in the shop.  which he noted was where it spent more time than on the road or in his driveway...  i guess the zig was the route to the shop...  you may have dodged a bullet there, driver, re  catera.   my father had one.  he truly enjoyed driving it when it was not in the shop.  which he noted was where it spent more time than on the road or in his driveway...  i guess the zig was the route to the shop... <i> </i> <b> </b> <b>  <i>  </i> </b> <i>  <b>  </b> </i> <b> </b> i just finished watching a movie on hbo entitled <i>  ender's game </i> .  at first i was going to turn it off because it looked like some kid's movie about teenagers involved in a military academy whose goal was to destroy aliens at their home planet 50 years after the aliens attacked earth.  i'll add here that i am a staunch scifi fan. they showed the cast and it included harrison ford and sir ben kingsley so i decided to continue watching it because of the all star cast. it was an outstanding film adapted from a. 1984 book by the same title.  it was really about morality.  as this teen ender states, "...it's not just about winning at war, but rather the "way" we win." if you get hbo, go to on demand hbo, movies, and search for ender's game.  definitely a nail biter and very worthwhile.  ‌ "don't shoot, i'm canadian" ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha! i was born and raised in nyc.  i moved to the chicago area to get my ma and phd and lived there for 23 years.  i lost my ny accent and developed a midwestern twang. the longer i lived in the upper midwest, the greater my negative attitude about easterners grew.  midwesterners find ny'ers arrogant, self-serving and obnoxious.  for the most part i had to agree with that assessment since i was one of them.  i slowly toned down my aggressiveness and became a born-again midwesterner. bradd is an exception to be sure - and remember the comments above are generalizations and cannot be applied to all ny 'ers or easterners.  but every time i interacted with a new york city inhabitant, that same arrogance and aggressiveness that i found in myself at times when i first arrived there became evident. well... what did the other side look like?  any pictures so we can cluck like hens about how people can't be trusted?  "took the golf team to a tournament at a not too special club south of albany." i used to frequent albany frequently when i was in my late teens and early 20's.  had family friends who lived on colonial avenue - used to go on skiing outings with them.  the family owned a huge record distributorship there (1960's) and they often took me for dinner at their country club, i believe it was shaker ridge, near the airport. i remember we were having dinner at the club and i was scheduled on a flight from albany to laguardia - the service was slow and i was afraid i would miss my flight.  the father of that family called mohawk airlines and they held the flight for me for 15 minutes so i wouldn't miss the flight.  i remember that well because tgere are very few wheeler dealers who could pull something like that off.  he was very influential in the albany area - an understatement!!! we are over in ballard.  not too far. one of my coworkers commutes from issaquah and another from sammamish - they said the weather differences can be astounding. i do believe that the farmers almanac gave the same forecast. after the brutal winter last year another one will be just to much. i rather not be driving into work when it's 15 below (that's 26 below for you canadians). born in manhattan. raised in ct. live in ma. love new england and consider myself a heck of a nice guy!  as confirmed by a former roommate from tn! michael wrote &gt;isn't yonge (pronounced "young" for those of us south of the border) the longest street in the world? it is generally considered so, but that would depend upon your definition of "street". the true definition of "street" is a public thoroughfare through a built up area (urban/suburban area). i would think that most of yonge is in rural areas and therefor not considered a street for the entire length. michael wrote &gt;isn't yonge (pronounced "young" for those of us south of the border) the longest street in the world? it is generally considered so, but that would depend upon your definition of "street". the true definition of "street" is a public thoroughfare through a built up area (urban/suburban area). i would think that most of yonge is in rural areas and therefor not considered a street for the entire length. this is much easier.  no need for the @ symbol. just have to get used to it. michael wrote &gt;isn't yonge (pronounced "young" for those of us south of the border) the longest street in the world? it is generally considered so, but that would depend upon your definition of "street". the true definition of "street" is a public thoroughfare through a built up area (urban/suburban area). i would think that most of yonge is in rural areas and therefor not considered a street for the entire length. this is much easier.  no need for the @ symbol. just have to get used to it. boy these quotes within quotes can get surreal, how far can we go before the original post is just one letter per line? after that would it dissappear? snakeweasel this is not going to work. abacomike you're right it's not. boy these quotes within quotes can get surreal, how far can we go before the original post is just one letter per line? after that would it dissappear? ab348 i just think it is better to just list the person you are responding to in the "leave a comment" section at the bottom of the page and respond as usual - at least until the "geniuses" who caused this mess figure out a way to solve this problem. note that i use the word "geniuses" loosely!!! sb55  " it works out to about $10,000 off a $43,000 truck. keep shopping or jump on it? give ccba a punch? i feel in a quandary. nice truck at crappy dealer, or find nicer dealer and waste more time?" i have always felt that pricing on a new vehicle was more important than where you buy that vehicle because you can always service that vehicle at another dealer. in this case, you have a firm offer at about $10,000 plus your trade.  first thing tomorrow morning go to another dealer and once you select a new vehicle from their inventory, tell them you will buy the vehicle now at this price you received from dealer a.  pull out your checkbook and title, etc., and sit down at a desk and ask the salesman, "...now who do i make out my check to?"  "took the golf team to a tournament at a not too special club south of albany." i used to frequent albany frequently when i was in my late teens and early 20's.  had family friends who lived on colonial avenue - used to go on skiing outings with them.  the family owned a huge record distributorship there (1960's) and they often took me for dinner at their country club, i believe it was shaker ridge, near the airport. i remember we were having dinner at the club and i was scheduled on a flight from albany to laguardia - the service was slow and i was afraid i would miss my flight.  the father of that family called mohawk airlines and they held the flight for me for 15 minutes so i wouldn't miss the flight.  i remember that well because tgere are very few wheeler dealers who could pull something like that off.  he was very influential in the albany area - an understatement!!! breakers is a phenomenal place - been there once and enjoyed every minute.  key west is much more informal but, in my opinion, better and less "stuffed shirty" if you get my drift. driver100 personally, i'm thrilled that i was finally able to order a car that does not have performance/summer tires.  the car i ordered comes standard with all season radials and all four 18" tires are the same size.  i can finally rotate the tires. the performance tires handle a little better but they wear out so quickly and are much more expensive. i don't know what brand of tire the car will come in with, but they are usually continentals.  i am hoping they will be michelin's. imidazol97 "but you don't keep cars long enough to rotate them. " i don't keep cars long enough to learn what most of the optional technology can do, let alone rotate tires.  actually i do keep them long enough for at least one tire rotation at 5000 miles.  the second rotation is doubtful! you have me pegged, imid! wouldn't even accept payment for the bagel.  said "if i took any money it wouldn't be a good deed."  best piece of a tough day. that's a great story -- especially the bagel chapter. glad it worked out. ; "it will be interesting to see what tires we get....the bmw came with goodyear run flats, i think goodyear was the only or one of the few making them, but i hope i get something a lot better than that. my replacements were michelins, much better!" i've never gotten goodyears on a new mercedes.  i've gotten michelin's, pirelli's, continentals and dunlops.  but 80% of the time they've been continentals. btw, when i spoke with mbusa, they said that the 2015 e400's are not scheduled for release to the dealerships here in the usa until late october or early november.  but according to my dealership, cars on order for identified customers (like you and me) are usually released ahead of the release date.  i remember my 2014 e350 was released about 2 weeks before inventory cars (april, 2013, instead of may, 2013).  so i guess if the dealership has placed a customer's name on the order, it is released much more quickly. my car already has a vin# and has already been built.  it shows that it is awaiting ground transport to the port. huh. ford is 20% of the list. based on my experience with an escape rental, that one doesn't surprise me. ; "and i surmise that some vehicle owners would never admit to their vehicle brand/model having some problems and they would never publicly make a complaint to help maintain their brand's image." i would agree that older folks are somewhat less inclined to air complaints about their pride and joy (car) in public.  they have a sense of loyalty toward their brand. i am not like that - i feel that if a car is not performing as it should, it should be aired. i don't know if you remember the problems i had with my white 2013 e350.  i posted quite a bit about the constant stalling caused by by faulty injectors on that car and the problems i had getting it identified.  i sure didn't hold back any punches!  same with my 2008 bmw's.  "i didn't get perforated leather/cooling seats this time. only used it about 10 times in 3 years, 3x a year average." down here in south floida ventilated seats are essential to me.  it is very hott and humid from june through october.  as soon as i get in the car, i turn on the ventilated seats.  obviously, you automatically get perforated leather seats to allow ai if i lived up north, i would not order ventilated seats - it is hot only 2-1/2 months a year. yes, if you spill anything on those seats, it soaks right into the padding.  i never eat or drink beverages in my car for that very reason.  " i doubt that many folks in fl are ordering engine heaters in their new vehicles." no, i don't believe so.  i use the heated seats 2 or 3 times a year. i remember my grandparents' cars (they lived in coral gables from 1950 until they passed away) did not have heaters in them.  i remember visiting them at christmas time many times and on cold mornings, it was brutal.  heaters in cars were not sold down here in the 40's and 50's.  it was optional. yes, if you spill anything on those seats, it soaks right into the padding.  i never eat or drink beverages in my car for that very reason.  "that's all i need, mould growing under my butt." there you go again with british spellings, i.e. mould vs. mold.  "but the heaters i meant were for the engine blocks." yep, i knew you were - i should have prefaced my response with something like, "...speaking of cold climates and heaters...". i had an engine block heater for my 1987 mercedes diesel.  whenever the overnight temps would fall into the lower teens or single digits or below zero, i would plug it in overnight in the garage.  that way the engine would start much more quickly instead of waiting for over a minute for the glow plug to warm up sufficiently. stever  "we're under contract to buy a house and the water heater (propane) is in the garage." all you need to do is properly insulate the water pipes.  the water heater itself keeps the water temperature fairly stable within the unit.  "gives me more time to fret about my golf game" i gave up worrying about my golf game immediately following my first round of golf!  i realized quite quickly that i would have to rely on my tennis game to give my ego a boost - all playing golf did was deflate my ego. i rationalized that hitting a 2-1/2 inch diameter ball with the hopes of getting it in a hole some 400+ yards away in 4 tries was ludicrous.  but then i realized that hitting a tennis ball over a net to an opponent who hit it back over that same net was just as ludicrous!  "that sounds like so much fun, tracking your fancy new car. makes me sad i am not doing it!" there are many more things in life to make you sad than not tracking a new car from manufacture to delivery.  i rarely order a new car - just 2 in my lifetime.  both because the cars were not available on dealer lots because they were new models. this way i get to buy a new car with the exact equipment and color combinations i want .  "going from a cls to an e-class is not "trading up" to most of us. smaller car, lower price point." the cls is the same size as the e400 in term of wheelbase, exterior dimensions, same weight, etc.  the e has more interior space, shoulder room, legroom and trunk space.  both come with the same identical equipment, options and standard equipment. the cls has a 402 hp v8 while the e400 has a. 330 hp v6.  the cls is $10,000 more expensive, car for car. i look at it from a comfort standpoint and improved fuel economy.  the e400 is much more comfortable for me in terms of height and visibility.  most importantly, the e400 is easier for me to get in and out of. is it a step down?  yes, in terms of initial cost or msrp.  in terms of resale, the e400 holds a higher % of resale value year to year.  "i don't obsess about my neighbor any more......i just ignore him." for someone who does not obsess or who ignores his neighbor, you have enough surveillance information on him to prove him of being guilty of "under usage" of his swimming pool this summer and additionally enough evidence to find him guilty of exceeding the allowable decibels permitted for a lawn mower in canada - not to mention the fact he went to sears to buy it which is another guilty charge. driver - it would appear you do not obsess about your neighbor any more than i obsess about buying a new car every year or the posters here who don't obsess about garage floors. now be honest driver - what brand of undershorts does he wear?  "he was out there yesterday contemplating the world as he sat back in a chair with a can of beer (molsons canadian) and a cigar (couldn't make out the brand)." driver, i have this feeling you sit in your kitchen or dining room and point a telescope or a huge set of binoculars at your neighbors house to catch him at every move.  no obsessing - right? great write up on the fusion.  whenever i see one on the road, i admire it's styling and stance.  one of the better american cars - without doubt!  "you want an anonymous car that no one comments on? try a grey 04 mazda 6 wagon." that would work.  but what about 2006 beige toyota camry with cloth interior, no sunroof, hub-capped wheels, and 7 or 8 door dings and a punched in rear bumper?  about as anonymous a car as you could find here in south florida. i've said this before, but our pilot (polished metal metallic) is waaaay to common around here.  my wife sees 2 or 3 of them parked in whatever row she parks in.  "that is how the car salesmen find the one they are looking for. walk around the lot pushing the alarm button until something lights up." exactly right!  push the panic button on the key fob and the car you are looking for "calls to you!" reminds me of what happened at my dealership one day.  a salesman pulled 3 keys and took a customer out to the lot to show the 3 cars.  about 20 minutes later the salesman comes back inside the showroom to inform me (manager on duty) that he could not find any of the three cars.  since all three cars were the same color and model, i told the salesman to pull two other keys (i gave him the stock numbers of two identical cars) and show those cars to the customers and i asked him for the three keys he originally pulled. i called three lot boys up to the showroom and told them to locate the three cars (we had 400+ new cars out on the lots).  about an hour later, they returned and told me they could not find any of the three cars. i informed the dealer principal and he directed me to immediately do a total new car inventory.  it took me 9 hours using 6 employees trying to match keys to cars.  we found 14 cars that were supposed to be in inventory that were unaccounted for. i checked all dealer trades and accounted for 2 of the cars leaving 12 missing. i contacted the police department and filed reports on 12 stolen cars.  the detectives decided to set up a set of 2 details to watch the lot for 1 week.  i got a call at 400 am one morning that they had caught two of my employees (a lot boy and a salesman) taking cars off the lot without permission.  they had uncovered a theft ring that had hit other dealerships in the area.  luckily, insurance covered the stolen cars but only after some hefty deductibles. they never recovered any of our stolen cars. i just remembered another incident with a salesman.  i got a call from one of the local police departments at 100 am that they had stopped a speeding car on a major street artery that had a set of dealer plates on it and no registration.  the police claimed it was one of my salesmen with two girls in the car who claimed that i had given him permission to take a car off the lot for the night to show the car to some clients. of course, that was a lie and i told the police that it was not true.  i had to go down to the station, identify the employee and sign a statement that it was against corporate policy to have an employee take an unregistered vehicle off property unless the dealer principal had approved the request and tons of paperwork signed, copies of drivers licenses, etc, none of which took place. the employee was charged with grand theft and i had to appear in court as a witness for the prosecution.  he took a plea and ended up on prison for 3 years.  the police had impounded the car and it took us three weeks to get that car back in inventory. the car business is not a glamorous profession as evidenced by these two stories "from the dark side of the business"!  "i asked salesman for tracking info but he just said it will be in late in oct. i don't think he can look it up or wants to bother. " he's lying to you.  be careful, driver, sometimes they tell you one thing and go ahead and sell your ordered car to someone else for full sticker and reorder another car for you. if i have a vin# already and my car is already on the ocean on its way here - and since we ordered our cars at the same time - your car should also have a vin#. go to the manager and ask him to show you the status screen on the car you ordered.  i was shown mine and it had all the history on the car, shipping date, etc. it is quite possible we won't get the cars until late october if they don't release them, but your car should be produced and there should be a vin#.  don't be skiddish, driver, you have a right to know the specific status of your new car! don't know about c400's, but i do know my car has been produced and is on it's way to the us port of entry in brunswick, ga.  i drove a loaded c400 the other dat - so i know they are building and shipping them.  it could be that tgere is such a demand for the bi-turbo v6, they are going to take awhile to catch up.  they are built here in the us. if i have a vin# already and my car is already on the ocean on its way here - and since we ordered our cars at the same time - your car should also have a vin#. mike, thanks for the warning.  i have never heard of that happening here, and, i don't think a dealer of this quality would try that....but, he did give me the vin number, and i didn't ask.  he said it took him a day to get back because he had lots going on.  i believe that part, i think they either don't want to give you a date, or the salespeople are told not to give out shipping/tracking info....and i can understand why.  i would prefer to know, but, i think it is their right not to give out that info.....customers could really use it against them one day. your case is different, you know how it works and you aren't going to cause any problems. thanks for watching out for me...much appreciated! if i have a vin# already and my car is already on the ocean on its way here - and since we ordered our cars at the same time - your car should also have a vin#. mike, thanks for the warning.  i have never heard of that happening here, and, i don't think a dealer of this quality would try that....but, he did give me the vin number, and i didn't ask.  he said it took him a day to get back because he had lots going on.  i believe that part, i think they either don't want to give you a date, or the salespeople are told not to give out shipping/tracking info....and i can understand why.  i would prefer to know, but, i think it is their right not to give out that info.....customers could really use it against them one day.your case is different, you know how it works and you aren't going to cause any problems.thanks for watching out for me...much appreciated! if they gave you a vin#, you should be ok! even though the new car will arrive here in a week or so does not mean it will be released to the dealer.  since this is a new model, they may not release them foe many weeks depending on a predetermined release date, inventories of 2014's on dealer lots, etc. the car business is not a glamorous profession as evidenced by these two stories "from the dark side of the business"! this brings up a question, how often do dealerships perform an inventory count? i know that it has to be done at least once a year for audit purposes but is it done more often? i have worked for companies that had big ticket identifiable items. (like cars with vin numbers) and they all did monthly inventory counts on those items. this brings up a question, how often do dealerships perform an inventory count? i know that it has to be done at least once a year for audit purposes but is it done more often? i have worked for companies that had big ticket identifiable items. (like cars with vin numbers) and they all did monthly inventory counts on those items.  "this brings up a question, how often do dealerships perform an inventory count? " at our dealership, the accounting department did one every 3 months and the bank holding the floor plan note did one every 6 months. i don't know how often other dealers did it. when banks do it, they must "touch" each car.  internally it is done using bar codes and readers. my dealer has them available for sale - i saw 10 of them on his lot.  the larger the dealer, the more allocation.  but, you are limited in choice and equipment, of course. my dealer sells 140-150 cars per month - high volume for a mercedes dealership. even though the new car will arrive here in a week or so does not mean it will be released to the dealer.  since this is a new model, they may not release them foe many weeks depending on a predetermined release date, inventories of 2014's on dealer lots, etc <i> </i> <i> </i> <b>  c300 vs. a4 </b> edmunds did a comparative review of the 2015 c300 and the a4.  edmunds rates the mercedes over the audi citing technology and quality of build among other pluses.  but they did indicate that a refreshed a4 and bmw 3 series coming out next year, this could be a shortlived "win"! <b> </b> my son starts his radiation treatments today.  had his head shaved but he won't send me a picture - he claims i have a "baldy" picture of him when he was born.  lol!  " i wonder overall if the more classic interior of the mercedes will stay in fashion longer." by classic design, if you mean functional and logical, you might have something.  mercedes, for years, has placed a traditional phone key pad with corresponding buttons to actually dial a phone number, if preferred, over using the voice control system.  you can also manually dial up an fm frequency or a channel on satellite radio or even call up a pre-selected saved fm, am or satellite radio station. i once read an article on that key pad and why mercedes keeps that design as opposed to a touch screen system.  it seems the designers and engineers want to make the interior controls as functionally familiar as possible for the driver. there are two screens the driver can use - the main nav screen in the upper center of the dash as well as a special settings screen in the center of the speedo housing to select special settings and safety features.  you can even change the color of the ambient lighting in the car from amber to white to pale blue, activate lane keeping and blind spot monitors, collision alert systems, acoustic locking, and 25 other special settings by just using the steering wheel buttons. definitely a more classic functionality set up for the driver.  "i could hardly wait until monday morning to call the dealership. to be continued in honor of mac..." what a cliffhanger - gotta love your style richard!!!  i think the information you received from your mercedes dealer is correct about delivery.  i had my contact check on my car's status today.  it seems the car is not on a ship yet.  it was transported to the port and is sitting there awaiting assignment to a ship.  he saw two eta's on arrival at jacksonville, one for october 1st and another for october 15th.  he thinks the october 15th date is the more accurate one. i feel late october is probably a fairly accurate date for delivery.  that's what surprised me - the car is built and sitting at the german port.  if i get any further info, i'll let you know.  "my wife just came in and we have to talk. i'll be back...to be continued..." and i thought stephen king novels were cliffhangers! i feel late october is probably a fairly accurate date for delivery.  that's what surprised me - the car is built and sitting at the german port.  if i get any further info, i'll let you know.  "the important thing is that i am so happy with my purchase. i love my truck!" many years of enjoyment and happiness on your new purchase of the f150 xlt.  sounds like you are thrilled!  good luck - you really deserve this!!! just finished backing up my iphone 6 and uploading all my music, apps, etc.  trying to become familiar with the new ios8 operating system, as well. i got the smaller of the two models which is still huge compared to my iphone 4s.  also opted for a bit more memory as i was approaching max usage on the 16 gig phone.  very smooth operation and much easier accessibility option through the settings.  still have the iphone 4s since i owned it. i compared several new smart phones but decided to stay with apple.  i was able to get an extended service contract with it as well. once i begin using it more frequently, i will be able to figure out some of the new features.  so far, so good. that's great!  " <b>  the free bedliner is on hold because i'm not sure that i want it. that ruby red metallic clear coat is so beautiful that i hate to put a black liner into the bed. still, i know that it would prevent scratches." </b> <b> </b> richard, you really should have that bedliner installed immediately!  it doesn't take much to scratch that beautiful red color.  it's the protection from scratches and dings that are most important. gee, i wonder what rtfm means? read the ford manual? read the fruit manual? read the facts manual? read the fantastic manual? read the foremen's manual? robr, you have me completely stumped!!!  "i really wonder if this is going to be an expensive failure for cadillac and gm." i feel that if they really wanted to, they could produce a car that would rival bmw. audi and mercedes - but it would require a level of service and amenities gm hasn't had to offer in over 50 years. i agree that the concept could be a costly endeavor for gm and a loser as well.  many cadillac dealers down here sell other gm brands - not a situation that could support the level of service and an environment needed in order to attract the high end buyer.  "i presume you are being facetious??" facetious is a strong word - maybe more on the obnoxious side - but also a bit facetious as well. what name would work for cadillac's new flagship sedan?  "what name would work for cadillac's new flagship sedan?" i like "royale", once used with oldsmobile. it smacks of a continental flair while instilling a sense of elitism - for those who "deserve an elite vehicle!"  "i don't know...i kinda think of the queen, and she is 88! is that the image cadillac wants?" only a brit or a canadian would think of "the queen" when they hear or see the word "royale"!  i kind of think of "pudding" or "cherry gelatin" when i hear "royale".  but not queen elizabeth ii.  "i went to verizon. oh, i did get the iphone btw. and, i'm selling my old one for $100."  "i thought car names could not be used by another company. can anyone think of a case where a name of one car was used for another?" actually, the oldsmobile 88 royale was a gm product and thus it would not be a problem calling the new elite cadillac "the cadillac royale".  i think it has a nice ring to it.  the dodge royal is a different name because the ending "e" is not part of its name. rolls royce has been using supernatural names for its recent vehicles, i.e., <i>  wraith. phantom, ghost </i> . i think it would be great if cadillac came out with a truly exquisite sedan/coupe priced in the $65,000 - $85,000 range.  also, to reduce the cost of production, keep optional equipment to a minimum like wheels, interior leather quality, wood trim, etc., and make things like gps, high performance audio, safety features like lane tracking and blind spot monitors, surround view cameras, forward and reverse accident/collision avoidance systems and the like standard. if they could produce a truly great car, i'd seriously consider buying one assuming they could provide a dealership experience  that was equal to or better than mercedes, bmw, audi, porsche, etc.  "my dumb post got caught in the quoted shade box above. sorry. you are forgiven, richard.  you have too many things on your mind to expect perfect posts right now.  good grief, just thinking about the clearance between your outside mirrors and the garage walls is enough to boggle anyone's mind.  and the glare from that cherry red f150 in the sun must be blinding.  can't expect someone who is going through all that to post perfectly all the time. mind boggling, i dare say - mind boggling! but be sure to give the motor the normal driving pattern and use some brisk accelerations as would occur in normal driving. don't baby the car. just drive completely normally for your driving. it's not likely you're going to climb mountains or drive at autobahn speeds. <b>  upscale cadillac sedan </b> i saw a picture of the car that a friend of mine had (partially covered in black camouflage) who works for one of the big cadillac dealers down here.  it is long and sleek and quite low to the center of gravity.  price estimate was $90,000, but that was merely an approximation. <b> </b> it was as low as my cls550 and sleek - a little boxier looking (less rounded in front and back).  obviously it was a prototype vehicle and i suspect they will be making some changes before releasing it.  it looked expensive like a rolls phantom, but longer and sleeker.  that's the one.  my brother has one and not only does it look magnificent but it drives like a dream!  "glad you got your dates. i don't think my guy is allowed to tell me that tracking info. i get the impression they don't want to be held to a date...too many things can go wrong." yes, the ship could sink, the car could be damaged in transit, mercedes could hold up cars at the port for reasons of model introduction timing, to name a few. originally, they told me 5 weeks from the date of manufacture which would be around october 10-15.  i do know that the first cars shipped out to dealerships are those that are special orders with customer names assigned as opposed to dealer inventories. we shall see.  they don't even know what the final epa mileage will be on the e class.  i know on the c class, that engine gets 20/29 city/hway.  but that's on the awd c400.  the rwd e400 should get about the same considering that the e is a bit heavier. not sure what is going on but cadillac just announced it's planning to move its headquarters to new york. a bold move or a huge blunder? not sure what is going on but cadillac just announced it's planning to move its headquarters to new york. a bold move or a huge blunder? smart move.  new york has been offering amazing tax incentives to companies moving to their state.  probably a good financial move. my son had his first double-dose of proton radiation last week.  his so drove him to and from loma linda medical center (60+ miles each way). he said he was very sick saturday and sunday and was very tired - he said he slept on and off for 2 straight days.  he is still dizzy and has some pretty bad headaches. hope this is successful since there are no other treatments available for where his tumor is located - inoperable is what they said. i pray to god these treatments work.  "although it is a solution, i have not seen anyone under the age of 60 with a cell phone on their belt. i highly doubt some 23 year old in a hoodie and skinny jeans will wear a phone on their hip." the cases apple sells on their website do not have clips.  just a plastic case to protect the phone. i've used otterbox, but their cases are so soft they stretch out of shape.  the reason i have a clip is so when i am at a mall, i can hear the phone ringing or alerting me to a text.  when i keep it in my pocket, i can't hear the tones and most of my shirts don't have breast pockets.  "i have to keep the sidetrack going, but which gen phone are you using the otterbox on?" the problem i had was on my iphone 4s.  it was awful - kept stretching out of shape. so i got a harder case and it was great until i bought my iphone 6. otter was uncooperative in replacing the bad cases i bought.  so no more business for them from yours truly!  "those bars and center caps on the wheels are lighted blue, aren't they? that sounds great!  you are so excited your words seem to be jumping off my screen.  brad, you deserve this - you have been so patient throughout this entire process. happy new year, brad!  this year is going to be sweet with that "honey" of a suburu! "shifty - you need to attract "children" as investors.  kids know gerbilsbetter than adults.  you need to stop at those "kid lemonade stands" and give them your pitch about investing in gerbil power.  they are the ones with ready cash to invest!"  "thanks for the kind words mike. happy new year to you &amp; your family as well. i'm actually going to temple tomorrow, so i'll make sure to pray for you, your son, &amp; a better 5775!" thanks bradd.  he's going through quite a bit.  spoke with him this evening - he has burn marks on his scalp from the radiation and sores in his mouth.  that radiation is dangerous stuff.  still getting sick from the treatments.  i just wish i could do something for him. your prayers, i am sure, will be heard by the lord of abraham, isaac and jacob - he sure could use a break.  thanks bradd. wishing a shana tovah, a happy, healthy and sweet new year from myself and my family to all those here who celebrate! mike - i'll say a prayer for your son tomorrow. in the latest issue of <i>  consumer reports magazine </i> several reader solicited questions were answered by mary including one about cadillac. q. <b>  " </b> <i>  <b>   i grew up thinking cadillacs were the standard for luxury. i've driven most of today's models, and i feel like i'm driving rebadged chevys they aren't any quieter and don't ride any better than the less costly cars. how can you make cadillac an elegant luxury brand that consumers will aspire to own? --bill shoffner, burlington, nc "  </b> </i> <b>  a </b> . "cadillac did set the standard for luxury cars for decades; then, for a time, they were good but not always great, especially compared with some of the cars coming from out of germany. some were also too similar to chevrolets, as you point out. but we've been investing billions of dollars (literally) in performance, safety, and technology to make cadillac a true luxury leader. the new cts, for example, is built on weight-optimized, rear-wheel-drive architecture; it's the lightest car in its segment, making it more agile and fun to drive than top competitors. the sales and service experiences also must measure up; cadillac dealers, with gm help, have invested millions in facilities both beautiful and functional." good survey.  results should be interesting. the way the survey was designed, it separates those drivers who think specific safety features that are "nice to have" and those that are "definitely essential" based on whether you would pay for the technology and, if so, how much would you pay. i would think the results would/could assist manufacturers in planning what features should be offered and whether or not the feature should be standard or optional. mercedes made an optional safety feature from previous years a standard feature for 2015 on all their cars - collision avoidance braking.  if the sensors/computer identify a possible collision scenario, if after the alarm indicators are sounded the brakes have not been applied, the computer applies the brakes with proportionate energy in order to avoid the collision - front if going forward, rear if going backward.  it is separate from their distronic plus system as it is not associated with cruise control. i don't believe they preach "genocide" for less affluent customers, fez. the u.s. government dictates/mandates those safety features that must be added to all cars sold in the u.s.  but there safety features that are not considered essential but there are customers who want, need or desire an extra measure of safety and are willing to pay for them. lane tracking and blind spot monitors are not essential for most drivers, however older drivers who have more limited abilities may want those features to bolster their less-than-perfect vision.  same is true for accident avoidance features like front and rear radar sensors to assist in parking or obstructions.  older drivers or handicapped drivers may want that additional security knowing their car will alert them if they missed something in their side or rear mirror. slowly but surely, these "optional" safety features have been mandated as essential by the feds and have become standard features on all cars. in the future, i would expect rear view cameras and parking sensors to become a required feature on al u.s. cars. so it is a matter of choice, not a secret movement out there to create a genocidal approach to ridding the world of less affluent human beings. technology has come a long way and i'm loving it.  night vision is something i would really like but i'm sure that would be an expensive option. by the way this was a voice activated post from my samsung galaxy s5 technology has come a long way and i'm loving it.  night vision is something i would really like but i'm sure that would be an expensive option. by the way this was a voice activated post from my samsung galaxy s5 funny, it doesn't sound like you!!! hey, oldbearcat, thanks for posting your experiences with chrysler engineers at the u. of cinncinati.  nice to hear from you! that side view looks like a picture of an opel gt that was slightly stretched. you noticed that too. if that is your typical infiniti driver i will steer clear of them if i see them on the road. funny, it doesn't sound like you!!!  "i've never driven a car with a backup cam so i don't know how useful it is. but my buick has the sensors and i love them. backing into parking spots is a breeze with them." i have both front/offset front and back/offset back sensors that not only beep but also there are two interior arrays of led lights that get brighter and change from yellow to red as you get closer to an object.  one set is on top of my dashboard in the center and the other set is located in the upper rear of the cabin just above the rear window.  i also have the rear back up camera with lines of different colors that twist to denote where the car is headed.  there is also a small image of the car in the right lower part of the nav screen that also alerts you to objects. i agree with you, ab348, that the sensors are much better than the backup camera for backing up.  down here in fl, most parking is straight in against a parking stoop.  my car also has below bumper sensors which alert you to the proximity of the parking stoops - great feature as i can avoid scraping the underside of the front bumper. i rarely use the backup camera image except when in a parking garage - it has a wide angle lens which gives better visibility of oncoming cars coming down the parking lanes. the new car has that new surround view system that shows all 4 positioning points of your car in proximity of other cars in other lanes as well as front and rear. i believe that the 2015 has been engineered and designed with what i call overkill safety features.  luckily, on the mercedes, you can manually disable just about every safety feature including blind spot monitors, lane tracking, accident avoidance systems, all exterior cameras, etc., in the settings system. when these auditory alert systems alarm you, you don't know which safety feature is alerting you.  that's why i shut off many of them. good survey.  results should be interesting. hey, oldbearcat, thanks for posting your experiences with chrysler engineers at the u. of cinncinati.  nice to hear from you! you noticed that too. if that is your typical infiniti driver i will steer clear of them if i see them on the road. enjoy, bradd.  gorgeous car - great color! <b>  good grief!  when will it end? </b> we have had a very hot summer this year - one of the hottest on record.  additionally, we have had 135% of our normal rainfall these past few months.  rainy season or not, that's a lot of rain. today, we are again at 90 degrees f.  it is supposed to be the same over the next week or so, but with even more rain.  the average temperatures of the ocean along the coast this year was 90 degrees f - yet another milestone.  average ocean temps are 86-88 degrees f. hmm, maybe there "is" something to this global warming thing.  our electricity bills have really been out of sight as well - 20% higher than last year. can't wait until the first cold front of the year comes through to cool things down a bit. sue the no-good sob's!  this texting while walking or driving has gotten so bad, something has to be done. when we go walking in the mall every day, i can't tell you how many close calls i have had by people paying attention to their texting and have no idea where they are walking!!! go for it! <b>  good grief!  when will it end? </b> we have had a very hot summer this year - one of the hottest on record. interesting climate in the us this year.  the west coast (southern california, arizona and the low desert areas) have had record rains due to the many hurricanes moving north over the baja.  my son said they've had torrential rains in his area which is usually dry with no rain this time of year, on average. the eastern pacific has been very active for hurricanes and the central and south atlantic regions have been super quiet with just one hurricane coming close to the eastern seaboard - totally the opposite of what is considered normal. they say it is due to a strong el niño off the coast of chile and peru. go figure - and you guys up north have had a cooler than average summer while we have been sweltering in the above normal heat. nope there is a song called "making love in a subaru" i take a different approach - is it "possible" that, since the industrial revolution in the 1880's-1890's, the earth has been warming at its surface due to increased levels of certain gases as well as pollution?  i don't know whether it has or hasn't, but i cannot say for sure that there is no justification for climate change due to global warming. what i am trying to say is that i am on the fence, so to speak, much like an agnostic is on the fence in regard to the existence o god.  my take is that global warming may or may not be occurring - i am not convinced one way or the other. i may never be of the opinion that global warming is fact or fiction. not trying to change anyone's mind, just making an off colored remark. anyway since my comment appatently disappeared i would ask again. how does being parked on a collage campus say anything about any car? not trying to change anyone's mind, just making an off colored remark. anyway since my comment appatently disappeared i would ask again. how does being parked on a collage campus say anything about any car?  "i was thinking the same thing myself. dealers aren't stupid. if the public thinks the best deals are at the end of the month i'm sure dealers will be ready with a pitch to make them think the deals are better then." actually, deals "can" be better at the end of the month.  it really depends on whether or not the dealership has achieved its volume goal got the month.  in most cases, goals are only achieved through aggressively selling cars at rock-bottom prices at the end of each month. the two dealerships i worked for would take any reasonable deal at the end of the month even at 0 profit or even at a slight loss in order to reach sales goals.  i remember one deal i made when i was a manager where we had a net loss on the car - behind invoice and behind hold-back.  but that's what was needed to sell that last car of the month.  sometimes the saying. "...whatever it takes..." is actually true. i would recommend to anyone looking to lease or buy a car to do it on the last day of the month - it's the best time to buy a car.  you may have to settle for a second or third choice in color or equipment, but the deal would be worth it!  "i would think that the odds are better that at the end of the month the dealership has either made their sales quota or is so far behind that they won't make their quota." in the dealerships i worked at, both of which were number 1 in national sales volume for lexus and infiniti, respectively, each would take almost any deal, within reason including slight losses, on the last day or two of any month, whether they had met their sales quotas or not. it is quite possible other dealerships operate differently, but if you go to a high volume dealership, chances are you will get your best deal at the end of the month. ; my new car is at the port in georgia (brunswick).  i was told that the cars are prepared at that port and then go directly to the dealerships from there - they no longer go through jacksonville.  they expect my car to be at the dealership by next week sometime. now i am beginning to get s little excited about the prospect of taking delivery on my birthday (october 10th) which would be perfect!  "mike, here is my question. when does the sale actually get counted. since it sounds like you have to take a car from stock, it sounds like you have to buy and take delivery by the end of the month." yes, you must take delivery on or before the last sales day for that month.  on the case you mentioned when the dealer asked if you could take delivery the first of the following month, the answer is yes and no!  in the dealerships where i worked, "immediate delivery" was the way they worked whether they hit quotas or not.  delaying delivery of a new car by a day or two is risky - the buyer could go to another dealer and beat our price.  remember, until and unless that car leaves the dealership property with the buyer driving the car, possession has not occurred.  without that possession taking place, the deal can be cancelled by either the seller or the buyer.  "you mean the dealer can change his mind and not sell me the new mercedes even though i put $3000 down. a contract is a contract if money changes hands right.....shouldn't be dependent on me driving away." i don't know if the same is true in canada, driver.  down here in the u.s., there are state statutes that govern large dollar purchases mainly to protect the consumer, not the seller. let's assume that you sign a lease and the dealer wants you to take possession of the leased vehicle immediately.  you, on the other hand, cannot take delivery because you are leaving town in 1 hour and won't be back for delivery of the car for 1 week. one week later, you return home to tampa, fl. and you have a heart attack and you are rushed to the hospital.  delivery of the vehicle is again delayed. three weeks later, you return to the dealership to take delivery.  the dealership tells you they sold the car you leased.  they claim that the contract became null and void due to the fact that you did not take delivery of you car in a reasonable amount of time. on contract law, there are 3 required rules for a contract to be legal offer - the dealer offers a car to you for a specific price. consideration - the price is $500 per month with $2500 due at signing.  you agree and give the required down payment etc. acceptance - even though you sign the contract a provide the monies (consideration), there must be provable acceptance - taking possession of the car. if just one of the above requirements is not fulfilled, the contract is unenforceable and becomes null and void. but, the dealer can offer you another car as a replacement for the same or similar terms, but the process must begin anew with new paperwork, signatures, etc.  the dealer is required to return your deposit so long as it can be proved that you could not accept delivery for the above reasons. it gets complicated as you can see.  but you can refuse delivery (acceptance is not forthcoming) and thus the contract becomes void or unenforceable because acceptance did not occur. in your case, you have a signed contract to purchase a car at an agreed-upon price.  it also includes a trade.  i am sure your contract states that the trade is subject to reappraisal at time of delivery. there are some attorneys here who might be able to explain thing better than i did. we all knew you would get it done.  great work.  one down, one to go!  good luck stick.  driver, from what i understand, you have a contract with a dealer to buy a 2015 mercedes e400 sedan with certain options and a specific cash value trade allowance for your 2012 bmw 535ix.  what i would suggest is that you have your dealership update the contract to include the vin number (which we know they have by now) and an approximate delivery date.  that way, you have a contract for a specic car which makes it a more precise contract. you are going to love that oitback with all those goodies.  nice surprise that the car is in.  should be an exciting weekend for you and the family.  enjoy! i am sure your wife doesn't mind "thinking about a new car," but may not appreciate if you put those dangerous "thoughts" into action! resist the itch and wait for the cadillac ct6. by the way, what's with all these blue colors on vehicles posted here. is blue the new red? i saw a blue ford f-150 xlt yesterday and that was a stunner. and ford built tough too; i wonder if the new <span style="text-decoration line-through;">  aluminium </span> aluminum truck will be as tough. that is the problem with dealerships who do not have an employee working on nothing but end-of-lease term customers.  i had a salesman who did nothing but contact customers 120/90/60/30 days prior to the termination of their leases.  thus, every 30 days, a follow-up call was made beginning 4 months prior to lease term end. it was that salesman's responsibility to continually follow up. i am flabbergasted that a dealership would not cultivate potential car sales. i was at my dealership today and decided to test drive a 2014 e550 with the same options as i ordered on the 2015 e400.  to be quite honest, i found that there is a significant difference in the way the e handled and my cls handled.  the cls is much more rigid, much lower in stance and in the interior, and more luxurious.  but, the e was a bit stiffer in the seating and much roomier than the cls.  both cars weigh within 100 pounds of each other.  visibility is also much better in the e. i am beginning to have second thoughts about buying the 2015 e400.  they expect it to be delivered to the dealership in 7-10 days, or sooner.  once they get the car in, i'll go up there and test drive it with the new bi-turbo v6.  i'll decide then whether or not to get it. my cls has 8200 miles on it and is just now breaking in.  if i decide to keep the cls, i will have to do the a service on it in a few weeks. i'm just not sure at this point if i am doing the right thing for me. that is the problem with dealerships who do not have an employee working on nothing but end-of-lease term customers.  i had a salesman who did nothing but contact customers 120/90/60/30 days prior to the termination of their leases.  thus, every 30 days, a follow-up call was made beginning 4 months prior to lease term end. it was that salesman's responsibility to continually follow up. i am flabbergasted that a dealership would not cultivate potential car sales.  "every time i see the word flabbergasted used i remember one of those funny definitions that i once heard for it "the feeling a fat person gets when he looks in the mirror." i would think "blubbergasted" would be more identifiable with that feeliing!  "talking about salesmanship -- i've been getting recorded messages from someone with an indian/pakastani accent telling me i am about to be brought up on charges in federal court. if i call him back, he will help me out of this dire situation." next time he calls, tell him you are the father of the person he is trying to reach and inform him that he is too late - and that your son is in jail because he was found guilty in federal court last week.  ask him if there is anything he can do to get your son out of jail?  "got it!" tyguy, your outstanding compilation of the "play-by-play" activities as you acquired your new outback was so good i actually thought i was there with you and your family to pick up the new family addition and was with you in the finance department when you found those price discrepancies (they tried to pull a fast one there, me thinks).  you certainly know how to describe your experiences - and enjoyed reading about them. my sincere congratulations to you and your family and i wish you the best of luck with it. i was particularly upset over the fact that you specifically told them not to drill holes in the front bumper.  at least it is plastic and won't rust.  they should repair that for you - it's the salesman's fault for not seeing to your wishes.  they should just replace the front bumper.  if they had done that to my car, i would have let them "eat" it.  but as you said, you would have to wait several months.  but i would certainly ask them to replace the front bumper. enjoy!  "i wonder, do dealers have a generic high pressure marketing plan that they just plug in for all leads regardless of what need the customer requests?" of, i believe it is up to the internet sales manager, not necessarily the dealerships.  each dealership is different and dealership management is, of course, unique to the dealership environment.  let me explain further. at the dealership i helped manage, the internet department was under the supervision of a separate manager who reported directly to the general manager.  his marching orders were to get customers into the dealership, no matter what it took to accomplish that.  once in the dealership, the manager assigned one of my salesmen to that customer.  i had no involvement in those deals because the internet manager "desked" his own deals. i refused to take that job when i first started there because all those deals were near or at invoice - so there was little or no chance to make a decent salary, both for the manager or the salesmen.  i did not like that department because it operated much like a "sweat shop" with most of the contact with customers was in the form of emails and phone calls. that line "come on down" or similar words was always used.  our internet department did 10% of our monthly sales - but their csi (customer satisfaction index) was awful and brought the entire dealership down. like i said, i didn't like that department because it was cut throat and more like a carnival barker trying to get patrons inside the "tent!" <b>  follow-up </b> i have always purchased my mb vehicles from a dealer that is about 18 miles north of where i live.  there is a dealer about 2 miles from me which is owned by the same corporation.  i have tried unsuccessfully to buy a car at my local dealer, but to no avail. this past april, i was introduced to the gm of the local dealership through a mutual friend of ours.  he asked me why i travel so far to buy my cars when his dealership is in my neighborhood.  i told him why and he assured me he would meet or beat the price of my current dealership.  so i told him i would give him a shot on my next car. about two months ago, i called him and i went in and met with one of his top salesmen.  after about 10 minutes, i asked if he had any info on the new mb e400.  he said he didn't, but that he would call me as soon as he had the ordering info. that next week is when my dealer asked me to give him the specs on a new e400 and he gave me a copy of his ordering guide.  to make a long story shorter, i called this other guy at my local dealership and he said he still had no info.  that's when i decided i would continue doing business with my current dealership. that salesman never called me back even though he knew his gm wanted me to buy from his dealership.  so i ordered the car. this morning i was in my local dealer for a car wash (all the mb dealerships owned by autonation wash all mercedes cars, no matter which dealership it was bought from).  i saw the salesman as i was talking with a manager there.  the salesman said he still had no info on the 2015 e400.  i laughed out loud at him and told him my new e400 was at the port awaiting transportation to my regular dealer and that i had ordered it 2 months ago. the guy was obviously a loser - he never checked with his gm for info on ordering.  that is how so many salesmen lose business for a dealership - they either never follow-up or they follow-up so much they turn their potential buyers off! <b> </b>  "i am sure the salesman could check on my car, but, i think they don't want to start doing that." i am sure your car is at the port of entry, driver.  yesterday, i found out that they are holding the 2015's at the port as they are still delivering 2014's.  once the 2014's have cleared the port, they will release the 2015's.  my dealer does not know the date yet. i assume the same will be the case in canada.  the port is a 7 hour drive straight down i-95 to my dealer.  we shall see. for the ford guys among us, here is motor trend's review of the 2015 ford f-150. nice vehicle but for me too much black in the snout. enjoy! maybe ford wants it to be a truck driven by people who want a work truck. you know by people who are more likely to be parking it at a construction zone or out on the field and not at wally world. maybe ford wants it to be a truck driven by people who want a work truck. you know by people who are more likely to be parking it at a construction zone or out on the field and not at wally world.  we all thought you ceased to exist!  thank goodness you are alive and well - we all missed you. good to hear from you kirstie!  stay in touch. "the only thing i can think of is the car was designed for europe. it has a lot of room and bulk over there, yet is smaller than a full size suv, so europeans who want an suv can get something a little smaller." i disagree, driver.  europeans are more into cars, smaller engines, and less weight.  north americans are more into suv's and the like, along with trucks (pick-ups) and larger cars. remember that gasoline is quite costly in europe and the populous is more into high mileage small cars.  we are not as addicted to economy cars as they are.  once the price of gasoline drops, like it is now, the less we insist on higher mileage vehicles.  americans have short memories when it comes to the high prices of fuel - like what is happening now.  here, it's the government that mandates minimum fuel economy requirements, not the buyer's wallet. ; "they want status, power and the ability to thumb their noses at practicality. frankly, this is why the strictly suburban suv was so successful in the first place, and why the x6 will continue to sell well in the states. it’s a statement on the behalf of the owner, who has clearly paid far too much for far too little." i guess you could say that about many vehicles purchased by north americans.  we do not usually buy cars for practical and/or basic transportation like most (not all) europeans do.  we buy cars that perform well, look good, handle well, are roomy enough for a family, and possess unbelievable amounts/levels of complex technologies and safety features.  there are even cars and suv's that come equipped with their own internal wifi capabilities - good grief. there is a point at which even i draw a line when it comes to things like wifi or internet access through your car's satellite connections.  if you have a smart phone, you already have that capability. car manufacturers continue to add more and more wizardry to their vehicles which, of course, adds more market attractiveness to their products.  since the looks oand styling of cars stays somewhat constant for 4-5 years, they need to come up with new and varied reasons to buy next year's model even though it hasn't changed much from this year's model - right? i just spoke with my son because he had an mri tuesday to determine if the current radiation treatments are being effective in reducing the size of the brain tumor.  unfortunately, the tumor has not reduced in size sufficiently to satisfy his oncologist. so they are going to increase the intensity of each bi-weekly double treatment.  i don't think he will be able to handle double treatments with the higher intensity so he may have to go each week. he will have another mri in 4 weeks with the hope that the malignant tumor has reduced in size.  the side effects of the radiation are severe and quite debilitating. his head is numb, sores in his mouth and on his head. i wish i could trade places with him and take his suffering so he won't have to deal with the painful headaches. thanks for letting me vent a little. thanks so much explorer.  his name is justin. thanks, houdini. thanks, explorer. thanks to everyone for your thoughts and prayers for my son, justin.  every little bit helps, believe me. i was told today that my e400 will remain at the port until they launch the 2015 e class in 1-2 weeks.  so it will be a while for me down here in florida. the ohio dept of transp has hurried and opened the smooth southbound lanes for the florida migration. we have opened up the new lanes of i-75 through dayton after 3-4 years of repairs and moving the roadbed. you will be on the new 6 lanes or whatever that will end up being the southbound side. part of it is being shared with the northbound giving them 2 lanes. but southbound you'll have 3 smooth lanes that will be the new i-75 through dayton--at least until the next reconstruction starts. probably 2 years after they finish this one. hang in there, mike. prayers are with you and your family. i agree with you driver.  i have no problem going from a cls to an e400 in terms of "stepping down" a notch in prestige or styling.  what matters most to me are visibility comfort handling power when the new e400 arrives at the dealership, i will drive it first to make sure all of the above variables are acceptable.  if so, i will definitely buy the car.  remember, i have already owned a 2014 e350 in april, 2013, when the new body style first arrived.  it's the new engine i am concerned about and the ease of getting in and out of the car. i'll know for sure by the end of the month. bwia  "mike, be a little more positive and upbeat. while it is true that your son is in agonizing pain, do not give up hope as modern medicine and treatments work miracles. i have every confidence in the new protocol and it won't be long before your son is restored to good health.  we all are praying for you. cheers!" thanks for your encouraging words, bwia. it's very hard to be upbeat under these circumstances, but i appreciate your optimism.  the toughest aspect of this situation is that i feel helpless.  i decided not to go out there as i will only provide him with an additional stress - worrying about me and my well-being. we discussed that if these treatments are effective in ridding him of the cancer, he will fly here for a short time so we can spend some quality time together.  if not, i will go out there to be with him.  very difficult bwia, very difficult and i don't wish this on anyone. thanks again. if manufacturers wanted to eliminate multifaceted pricing at the dealership level and/or at the "fleet" level such as usaa, costco, etc., all they would have to do is eliminate "fleet" incentives and rewrite dealership contracts and agreements.  the manufacturer has that power over the dealership networks. thus, it is not the dealerships alone who want to maintain multi-tiered pricing, but also the manufacturers. as for the future, it all depends on the manufacturers and what they want!  "but can the manufacturer dictate final pricing? i suppose they can depending on their agreements...like you can't have one wendy's selling for less than the others." there are very few things you buy on the open market that have a "one price only" pricing policy.  just about everything and anything you want to buy is open to price negotiation. it's the same with airline tickets or hotel rooms. i enjoy those exposes on tv like "60 minutes" where they show you the seating plan on a boeing 737 and what each passenger paid for their seat.  it is rare to see more than a few seats where passengers paid the same amount.  same for hotel rooms. as for new or used houses, the same is true.  for new houses, you can negotiate a price and include upgrades such as fireplaces and tile, not to mention piped in music w/speakers, a patio, etc.  used houses - make an offer! it's a mixture of supply and demand, timing of the purchase, as well as skill in negotiating.  quite a few variables determine what the buyer will ultimately pay for a product or service. even shopping for an attorney - most take 1/3 for their fee based on the recovery - but many will negotiate that fee, as i have learned. buying a new car is perhaps the one activity with the most variables negotiating skills; trade values; interest rates (which by themselves are negotiable); inventories/availability (supply); factory vs dealer invoice vs dead cost; etc., etc., etc.,.... the more variables, the more flexibility in pricing and negotiating!!! <b>  easy steps to buying a car </b> <b>  * </b> make sure you want to buy a new car - by asking yourself over and over again if you want, need, desire a new car.  if your answer to the above question is yes every single time you ask yourself that question, you are ready to move on to the process. *which car do you want to buy?  this is the most time consuming of all the steps!  the process involves the narrowing of choices that "turn you on" to just one.  the initial determination involves the price - what can you afford or what are you willing to pay for a new car?  then, in theat price line, which car meets with your desires - size, # of doors, power, fuel economy, comfort, handling, good looks, and an inordinate number of other considerations. once you know which vehicle you are ready to buy, the rest is elementary. *first, which is most important - price, service, distance to dealership, treatment from the dealer, etc.  arrange the answers from most important to least important. *proceed to the selection of color and equipment/options. *research the vehicle on edmunds and other sources on line - invoice, incentives, trade in value of current vehicle if applicable, etc. *develop an offer for the vehicle - what you are willing to pay the dealer including dealer fees, *visit at least 3 dealerships who sell that vehicle and buy the car.  you will buy it at the dealership who met your price - and most importantly - stick to your guns and be assertive, and realistic! in a nutshell, this is how i buy my cars.  "i made up a for sale sign for the eclipse today. i guess i'm serious." of, i've known you (posting-wise) for a number of years now.  you possess a "tell" (a tic or a hint, much like poker players) when it comes to buying and selling cars.  thus, imho, based on tour "tell", you are not serious yet!  you are still in the process of contemplating your navel (or someone else's) when it comes to buying that mustang.  when you post that you found the exact car you were looking for at a dealer near you at the price you are willing to pay - and your wife fell in love with it too - that's the "tell" that assures all of us that you are not only serious, but are on your way to the dealership now! massaging the idea of buying a new mustang in your cerebrum and making up a "for sale sign" for the eclipse are merely signs of interest, not of actually "buying" a new car.  am i right of? berkshire hathaway now owns 4 dealerships down here - delray beach and deerfield beach - from their acquisition of that 60+ dealer network.  he is now in direct competition with autonation. there was a big write-up in our ft. lauderdale paper a few weeks back.  autonation's corporate headquarters are in ft. lauderdale.  autonation stock prices have been gaining in value due to record sales and profits. imho, i see more and more conglamorate type dealership organizations in the near future and fewer and fewer smaller dealerships.  i worked for jm family - owners of several large dealerships as well as southeast toyota distributorship - and the terry taylor organization which owns 70+ dealerships. right now, between jm family enterprises, autonation, berkshire hathaway, longo, rick case, penske, etc., these corporations own over 1000 dealerships.  autonation, berkshire hathaway and rick case have been adding more and more acquisitions monthly. i believe that buffet saw the tremendous growth in earnings of autonation in recent years to whet his appetite to enter the car business game.  they are now in real estate sales big time, as well. if del monte can own funeral homes (back in the 1980's) throughout the country, why shouldn't buffet diversify into car dealerships? driver100 when i was at my dealership last week (when they told me there is a hold on all the 2015 e class vehicles at the port, the rationale given to me as related by the mercedes fleet rep who was there that day is that there is still a good inventory of 2014's on dealer lots which they want to reduce prior to releasing the 2015's.  additionally, mercedes had a tentative release/debut date of october 15th, which may be extended in order to further reduce 2014 inventory. i have a feeling the 2015's will be arriving at dealership on it about this coming week. i hop yours comes in quickly as you are leaving for florida in early november. i sure would like to see it / let's shoot for october 17th! survey obviously not approved for posting by edmunds  "mike, my salesman originally said my car would be in mid october, and now by the end of october. your timeline sounds about right, and i guess they leave the actual release date flexible depending on the inventory of 2014s left." yes, that is correct.  i got a call from the salesman who delivers all my new cars this morning.  he verified the fact that mb will not be releasing the 2015 e class cars until existing/remaining 2014's on dealer lots reduces by 75%. so the last week of october should be when the 2015's will be released.  i am in no particular hurry to trade my car in at this point. if i had to order another e400 at this time, i think i would order it with the designo red leather and the palladium silver.  it costs about $2700 more over and above the black leather. you are leaving for tampa on or about november 7th - am i correct?  you should be getting your new e400 just in time for your yearly migration south. perhaps this year, we can get a chance to spend some time together.  i would be thrilled to spend a few nights up by you - but it would cost you a nice dinner for the pleasure of my royal company!  "we will definitely plan on getting together, even half way would be good. i think i checked and it is about 3 1/2 hours from st petes to miami. i'd come that way but we would have to combine it with something to see (to get my wife to go...doesn't really like long car trips), and a place to stay that is pet friendly, for gigi. a professional tennis match would work and indian wells is march 9 2015. we'll work something out! life is too short not to give it a try, maybe then my wife will know my edmunds buddies are not just imaginary cyber friends." when i lived in palm desert, ca, i had an apartment that was 1-1/2 miles from the tennis center in indian wells. i had 2nd tier center seats for all the matches.  the last finals match i saw there was boris becker (he lost).  he was an exciting tennis player to watch in action. btw, i live in far northern broward county, or about 45-50 miles north of miami.  i made it from st. pete to my condo in 3 hours flat.  it's i-75 soith to naples area and then right across alligator alley to the sawgrass expressway.  no traffic lights from st. pete to 2 blocks from where i live. an alternate route would be i-4 to the turnpike and then straight south to a block from my condo. they just opened a new hotel about 2 miles from me - i think they accept pets.  there are quite a few poi's in the area.  we have the largest indoor mills shopping center here as well (sawgrass mills).  it is the second most visited poi in florida, just behind disney world. i think the key biscayne tennis tournament is sometime in february or march. funny you should mention the scheduled oil change on the 535ix.  mine is due in november as well if i keep the cls. as for getting familiar with the gps and other features on the e400, you can go into your mb dealership right now and have your salesman go over everything in a 2014 e class - the cars are identical except for the engine, retracting outside mirrors, surround view cameras and the new accident prevention system.  so you can learn about the gps, voice activation, bluetooth, 6-disk changer, logic 7 sound system, power seat operation, etc.  you sure have the time, so why not take advantage now so you can get ahead of the learning curve. <b> </b> <b> </b>  just got off the phone with mercedes benz consumer affairs.  i asked the representative if he had any updated info on the date of release for the 2015 e class sedan from the port.  he stated that the last he heard was <b>  late october to early november. </b> he was kind enough to take my phone number and said he would do some investigating and research tomorrow and would call me as soon as he had any updated information and/or details.  "thanks for that information...that's really helpful. i think i will wait before going in for a lesson or i'll forget it. i did mark on my calendar to get a lesson though if the car isn't in by october 22nd. <b> </b> ; <b>  speaking of airline tickets... </b> <b> </b> i was surfing the web for round trip tickets from jacksonville to palm springs over the weekend.  due to the fact that the airlines have been increasing the number of seats on their flights, thus reducing leg room, i have all but eliminated the option of flying coach.  i just turned 70 years old last friday and with the medical problems i have (diabetes, deep vein thrombosis, bad back and severe loss of feeling in my feet and ankles due to the diabetes and dvt), it is a very uncomfortable 6-7 hours in the air with stops.  getting to the point here, american airlines has the most direct flights through dfw directly into psp.  round trip first class is over $2000, as it is with united and most other airlines. i flew coach several times from fll to psp, but the pain in my legs cramped up pretty bad.  it is very dangerous to sit in one cramped position for 3 hours with my leg clotting problem, so first class seating is almost a necessity for me.  but the pricing on those seats is pretty steep.  i've seen differential pricing on those seats as well. i might just use a travel agent this time to book the flights as they have the wherewithal to sift through the multitude of seat availability, etc. supply and demand is what determines the pricing, to be sure as you mentioned in your post, snake.  the 2015  e class is scheduled for wholesale release middle of next week which means the cars should hit dealerships on or before october 26th  the 2015  e class is scheduled for wholesale release middle of next week which means the cars should hit dealerships on or before october 26th driver - you'll have plenty of time. was admitted to hospital last night with bacterial pneumonia.  bad things just never end for me. i had a fever of 101.6 f and higher for a number of days and could not break it.  so i entered the hospital and after several iv doses of antibiotics, the fever broke,  they told me i'll be here for 4-5 days until the oxygen saturation in my blood traces 95% without being on oxygen.  so i hope to be out by the time the car arrives. driver - you'll have plenty of time. was admitted to hospital last night with bacterial pneumonia.  bad things just never end for me. i had a fever of 101.6 f and higher for a number of days and could not break it.  so i entered the hospital and after several iv doses of antibiotics, the fever broke,  they told me i'll be here for 4-5 days until the oxygen saturation in my blood traces 95% without being on oxygen.  so i hope to be out by the time the car arrives.  "at least it wasn't ebola" good think i wasn't pregnant, too! ; thanks all for your good wishes. driver - you'll have plenty of time. was admitted to hospital last night with bacterial pneumonia.  bad things just never end for me. i had a fever of 101.6 f and higher for a number of days and could not break it.  so i entered the hospital and after several iv doses of antibiotics, the fever broke,  they told me i'll be here for 4-5 days until the oxygen saturation in my blood traces 95% without being on oxygen.  so i hope to be out by the time the car arrives.  "mike, i have to hand it to you....you even keep in touch from a hospital bed! you have a goal to shoot for so you can be out when the new e comes in.," thanks to my iphone i can post from anywhere at anytime.  they even have wifi access from any location in the hospital. you've got to be kidding!  i'm getting iv antibiotics 24/7 and because i was not able to urinate, they pushed a 1/2 inch tube up my "wick" so now i am just "sittin pretty"! if that's what you condider "relaxing", then you must be a sadist! it's like havin a white hot poker stuck up your derrière but into a smaller tunnel! i remember those days, fezo.  you had it much tougher then than i'll ever experience.  thanks for the kind words - i'll keep posting fromy hospital bed! you've got to be kidding!  i'm getting iv antibiotics 24/7 and because i was not able to urinate, they pushed a 1/2 inch tube up my "wick" so now i am just "sittin pretty"! if that's what you condider "relaxing", then you must be a sadist! it's like havin a white hot poker stuck up your derrière but into a smaller tunnel!  the 2015  e class is scheduled for wholesale release middle of next week which means the cars should hit dealerships on or before october 26th driver - you'll have plenty of time. was admitted to hospital last night with bacterial pneumonia.  bad things just never end for me. i had a fever of 101.6 f and higher for a number of days and could not break it.  so i entered the hospital and after several iv doses of antibiotics, the fever broke,  they told me i'll be here for 4-5 days until the oxygen saturation in my blood traces 95% without being on oxygen.  so i hope to be out by the time the car arrives. mike, you are the poster child of bad luck. another medical problem?--even your dad seems to be doing better than you in this regard. i think you need a vacation away from the states. perhaps a trip to germany and a visit to the mb factory might be a good antidote. be well my brother and take care of yourself. thanks roadburner and nyccarguy.  very nasty place to be.  they have 5 specialists seeing me - nephrologist, contagious diseases, pulmonary, endocrinologist, cardiologist + primary care physician. my blood sugar has been out of control due to this infection along with several other concerns.  isn't it great being 70? thanks roadburner and nyccarguy.  very nasty place to be.  they have 5 specialists seeing me - nephrologist, contagious diseases, pulmonary, endocrinologist, cardiologist + primary care physician. my blood sugar has been out of control due to this infection along with several other concerns.  isn't it great being 70? well, it looks like kidney disease/failure as well as the pneumonia.  when it rains, it pours.  they have to change my diet and are scheduling me for an ultrasound to get a better look at the kidneys.  things are not looking up - at least not yet. well, it looks like kidney disease/failure as well as the pneumonia.  when it rains, it pours.  they have to change my diet and are scheduling me for an ultrasound to get a better look at the kidneys.  things are not looking up - at least not yet.  "9 seconds is pretty slow. it's about the same as a hyundai elantra, actually almost a second slower. i don't need the power to get from 0 to 60 in 5 or 6 seconds, but i may need it to get onto the highway from 50 mph to 70 mph. even if i am a "mature" guy." my cls clocks 0-60 in 5.2 seconds.  edmunds got their test model to 60 in 4.8 secs.  my experiences with the car are the short period of time i get to 80 from 35 mph.  it gives you whiplash.  454 lb ft of torque w/402 hp gets the job done. can't wait to drive that twin turbo v6 w/329 hp and 355 torque.  should be interesting. well, it looks like kidney disease/failure as well as the pneumonia.  when it rains, it pours.  they have to change my diet and are scheduling me for an ultrasound to get a better look at the kidneys.  things are not looking up - at least not yet. maybe 12 years ago (maybe more) i got rear ended at a low speed (we were both ststopped at a light making a right turn on a red light and he wasn't watching me and gunned it thinking i made a turn). anyway the damage was slight, only thing you could see is a crease in the bumper where it bent and popped right back into place. it cost over a grand to repair.  "do you really think there are people who get more of a thrill from ripping someone off than they do from making money honestly?" driver, there are all kinds of people in this world who do things we would never do.  that includes a preference for bilking people out of their money to make a buck rather than honesty "earning" that buck. most of us (people like you and me) were brought up to earn money rather than steal money.  if given a choice between earning my living or deceiving others to earn money, i would choose to earn it honestly. there is a matter of self-esteem involved in "earning an honest living."  "btw....mike, you seem better today...how are you doing?" well, if i can manage to pass water without the need for a catheter, i can go home tomorrow afternoon.  if not, they will have to send me to a step down care facility until i can manage by myself. will let everyone know more info after i get home. thanks for asking. yes.  usaa has a mercedes e class incentive for 2015 models of $3500.  plus another $500 from the mercedes club.  that ends up being $4000 under dealer invoice.  all i have to do is print up the two certificates online and present them to the dealership.  i'll print them up the day before i take delivery. i have tried to get usaa insurance, but it costs twice what i currently pay for geico.  they are not competitive here in southeast florida. remember, it's mercedes that provides the incentives, not usaa.  usaa membership is required.  same for the mercedes benz club.  how do you think i can buy a car every year?  it's because i get them for thousands below invoice. i have been to naples and it was no big deal. oh course it was naples, il. but i can't tell you much about it, you see i blinked and missed seeing it. usually, the 2014 will lease much better than the 2015 because of outstanding lease incentives from the manufacturer's financial arm (residuals and money factors). an example is mercedes benz leases on 2014 c and e class vehicles.  all year, a 2014 e class sedan leased for $599 a month for 36 months.  now, they lease for $499 a month for 36 months with less out of pocket - due to lease incentives. buying or leasing is usually better for end of year sales of cars throughout the industry, in most but not all cases. usually, the 2014 will lease much better than the 2015 because of outstanding lease incentives from the manufacturer's financial arm (residuals and money factors). an example is mercedes benz leases on 2014 c and e class vehicles.  all year, a 2014 e class sedan leased for $599 a month for 36 months.  now, they lease for $499 a month for 36 months with less out of pocket - due to lease incentives. buying or leasing is usually better for end of year sales of cars throughout the industry, in most but not all cases.  "thanks for the insight mike. $100 a month makes a big difference. what about the residual buy back price though?" the residuals are usually artificially inflated by the manufacturer's financial arm which reduces monthly payments, however buy out at the end of lease is usually above the acv (actual cash value) which is wholesale value.  leasing a 2014 is great so long as you plan on turning in the car at lease end.  it would not be beneficial to buy that car at lease end - in most cases. ; i got a call from my dealership to inform me that the 2015's have not yet been released for wholesale.  it looks like sometime next week, i hope.  my car has been sitting at the port of brunswick, ga, since october 1st.  once the 2015's are released, it would be one of the first cars shipped out because they are released based upon port arrival dates. i don't ever remember release dates for mercedes being so late. no one ever said that buying a new car is a great investment, whether you pay cash or finance the purchase.  there is almost zero chance that a car will appreciate in value let alone maintain its value. the article does not consider the fact that most buyers of new cars who finance the purchase for 60 months usually (not always) qualify for extremely low simple interest rates (1% - 3% apy) but use inflated rates for 600 fico score buyers. the article is quite skewed because of the data used in the article.  my take on the article is that inflated values were used to bring home the point that buying a new car is the worst investment you could make.  if 700+ fico scores were used, the data would not be as artificial and thus have limited interest in reading the data used to support their findings. additionally, losses in values of new cars from 1-3 years is not taking into consideration the increases in values of used cars in the past several years. one does not need to read this article to learn what one already knows - buying new cars is not a good investment! no question about it.  it's like buying a "service" - once used there is no inherent value remaining.  this, it is an expense, not an investment.  same it true when you stay at a hotel - you pay for a place to stay - this an expense and not an investment. buying a new car over buying a used car would be less of an expense because you are not paying for the depreciated value.  so if you buy a car for basic transportation it is wiser to buy a 2-3 year old car over a new one.  but if you want the latest technology and improved fuel economy, you have to pay more. it's all relative! i contacted mbusa yesterday and spoke with a consumer advocate for mercedes.  i complained about the late release date and was told someone would contact me today. i just got off the phone with a consumer affairs specialist from new jersey, usa headquarters for mercedes.  she had my vin number and order number from my dealership and assured me i would hear back from her tomorrow. she indicated that she was well aware i was a loyal mercedes owner based upon my purchases since 1987 to the present (15 cars purchased) and further stated that she would investigate the possibility of making sure my car was delivered to my dealership on the first day of wholesale release.  i should know moe by tomorrow. i really can't expect much more from a manufacturer in the manner they are handling my concern. i would be happy with a november 1 delivery.  "mike, maybe i haven't been paying attention but are you still in the hospital? hope you're on the mend," thanks for asking of. was released monday afternoon.  they put me on leviquin antibiotics 750mg.  7 pills, $195.00.  unbelievable! still have a bad cough and intermittent sweats - but mostly weakness and muscle pain which is a side effect of the antibiotic. they diagnosed it as bacterial pneumonia even though chest x-rays and ct scans were negative.  they did a "blood gas" test which showed high levels of co2 and low levels of oxygen penetration in my blood.  add that to persistent high fevers and - voila - pneumonia. they gave me respiratory therapy every 4 hours throughout the day and night.  so, still under the weather even after 6 days in the hospital. stick - driver is a canadian taking delivery in canada.  my pull is only good here in the usa.  canada has a different corporate structure than the usa and the cars delivered in canada are quite different than those delivered in the usa. an example is that the canadian e400 is equivalent to the u.s. e350.  the u.s. e400 is equivalent to the canadian e550. thus, the base e class sedan in canada is the e400.  different strokes for different folks!!! i would check the racket or pack it in a suitcase (best option).  i've seen rackets brought on board, but every airline has different policies.  call the airline to find out if they allow rackets to be brought onboard. weather stinks down here and in naples.  but it is supposed turn dry with moderating temps this weekend.  i live 90 miles due east of naples.  you should have great weather beginning friday evening right through next week.  "peanut gallery?" gg, if you need/want/desire a new cadillac, definitely go for it!  but i would caution one thing - check one other dealer on the same car and same msrp to see if they will match or beat the price.  that way, you know if the dealer is on the up-and-up. my guess is that they won't, but just for your own edification, check the price at least at one other dealer. just got a call from mbusa to inform me that my e400 was put on a truck at their request and is on its way down i-95 to my dealership.  that means it should arrive there later today or early tomorrow morning.  finally! i already spoke with the manager who wanted to know how i managed getting the car released - "...i can't get that done...who do you know up there?" in any case, i will drive up there with my title and incentive certificates once the car is ready and i will drive it first.  chances are i will trade the cls in for the e400.  after analyzing the pros and cons, it's the right decision. besides, they'll kill me if i don't get it after all the to-do's i initiated. just got a call from mbusa to inform me that my e400 was put on a truck at their request and is on its way down i-95 to my dealership.  that means it should arrive there later today or early tomorrow morning.  finally! my car was released yesterday and put on a truck this morning.  i it does not arrive at the dealership tomorrow morning, it won't get there until monday morning since they don't deliver on weekends. the msrp is $69,235 and invoice is $65,127.  if my car was released, your car should also be on its way as well since you ordered it in august. i would not be unhappy if i had to wait until monday since i still have residual effects of the pneumonia.  "my friend with the maserati saw a 2015 e400 at another dealer nearby. he told me they were offering $10000 off as a new introductory offer....ha ha. it was too much so i knew it was a joke....i know, with friends like that................" i would have countered, "...i wouldn't be surprised considering they are doing the same thing with the new mazzeratti's arriving in november!"  "somebody's got some 'splainin' to do!" the power of advertisers (income stream) over how and/or what is presented by a corporate entity receiving those advertising dollars. my car was released yesterday and put on a truck this morning.  i it does not arrive at the dealership tomorrow morning, it won't get there until monday morning since they don't deliver on weekends.  "somebody's got some 'splainin' to do!" the power of advertisers (income stream) over how and/or what is presented by a corporate entity receiving those advertising dollars. corporations that are in the business of providing services, entertainment, social media/blogs, reference information, internet information research, etc., are almost totally dependent on advertising dollars for their very existence. google, edmunds, truecar, yahoo, etc., are at the mercy of the large advertisers.  anger or upset those advertisers and you lose their dollars or you must submit to the demands they present. my car was released yesterday and put on a truck this morning.  i it does not arrive at the dealership tomorrow morning, it won't get there until monday morning since they don't deliver on weekends. beat yuh?  i didn't realize we were in competition with each other.  i guess i was wrong. congratulations on winning the race. without doubt! beat yuh?  i didn't realize we were in competition with each other.  i guess i was wrong. congratulations on winning the race. stick, the only way to ensure driver or i would get exactly what we wanted, even including the color of the headliners in the cars, was to order them.  also, remember that the canadian e400 and the usa e400 a new models and, thus, we're not available on dealer lots to select from. however, waiting 3 months to sit behind the wheel of your new car can be stressful to those of us who need immediate gratification and/or are obsessive compulsive.  like finding out your wife is expecting a baby and having to wait the full 9 months to hug and cuddle your child. very stressful in its own right. 7+ million cars recalled due to potentially defective or severely compromised air bag deployment system causing possible shrapnel to be emitted at deployment.  major problem for the supplier which could conceivably cause them either into serious financial straits or the potential for bankruptcy. any thoughts on the effect it may have on individual manufacturers like toyota, bmw, ford, gm, etc.? i guess i was not fully knowledgeable of which years were affected.  the articles i rad indicated quite a number of recent models - must have read the article to quickly. all i knew is that in coastal areas with high humidity, the incidence of air bag problems was geometrically higher than in dry areas.  still, an amazing number of recalls, especially, as you mentioned honda and bmw - companies not accustomed to recalls.  they will learn that it is no picnic to deal with such vast numbers of cars all at once. i am sure you are relieved, fez.  i think i have only had 2 recalls that involved cars i owned - a 4-6-8 cadillac deville and a pontiac bonneville. i didn't realize we were in competition with each other.  i guess i was wrong.congratulations on winning the race. i didn't realize we were in competition with each other.  i guess i was wrong.congratulations on winning the race. intellectually, one must look upon those who consider every utterance a "gotcha" to be a means of reestablishing their relative positioning in the theme of things, whether that relative positioning is at, above or below an acceptable level of elitism. the above philosophical view on competitiveness challenges the theory of "live and let live!" the above philosophical view on competitiveness challenges the theory of "live and let live!" my guess is that there are a tremendous amount of incentives (front end and back end) on the ats and cts.  my suggestion is to seriously consider a brand new one and offer them the same money as they would sell you the demo for.  i bet they will do that deal - but you have to be a buyer at a specific number - senseless to bicker back and forth once you have established what you want and what you will spend. great reporting on your experiences. was just watching a commercial on tv for a movie that is scheduled to air next week on one of the cable channels - you typical halloween type movies.  but the title is what seemed to infuriate me "abraham lincoln vampire hunter" how in the world does a screenwriter come up with a theme like that?  what parallel exists between one of this nation's most outstanding presidents and the search for, and destruction of, vampires? it's plain and simple "idiocy" which i am sure the movie is.  abraham lincoln on the lookout for vampires - doesn't even hollywood draw the line at some point in time? i've marked my calendar with the time, date and channel for this masterful airing of pure bunk to make sure i rent or buy a dvd for that night and time so i can't even, in error, scan that channel. now, back to the cadillac saga! maybe i'll give it a shot - who knows - but not because i was "uninformed" as rob suggests, but rather because you recommended it and i have respect for your opinions broz! maybe i'll give it a shot - who knows - but not because i was "uninformed" as rob suggests, but rather because you recommended it and i have respect for your opinions broz! maybe i'll give it a shot - who knows - but not because i was "uninformed" as rob suggests, but rather because you recommended it and i have respect for your opinions broz! thanks for clearing that up for me broz - i thought you were recommending the movie.  i will stay with my original plan and avoid at all costs. i think i recorded it on my dvr just to see what it's like, after all if it stunk i could turn it off without really losing anything. on a related note did you know that booth saved lincoln's life? ; funny thing.  the fwd based 4wd system has performed flawlessly.  although winters by us are quite mild compared to sweden. glad you love the wife's x3.  the nav was one thing i never liked on the 328xi i just turned in.  it got me almost places.  to the block, but never to the exact house. ; looks good.  stand your ground.  don't take any low ball offers.  you'll get your $10k!  good luck! ; mazel-tov on the new e400!  if i was just smidge closer with just a little more time, i'd come see it (&amp; you) in person. what color did you end up with again? hold everything!  car was supposed to have lane tracking a blind spot monitors standard.  sticker shows them on standard features.  car doesn't have them.  car was improperly produced leaving those features off in error. back to dealer - they agreed it was left off. they are ordering me a new one from germany on vip status, should be here in 5 weeks.  meanwhile, i drive this one unless mercedes wants it back sooner.  dealer is standing behind replacing car no matter what. so, i have a 2015 e400, but it won't be mine long. upset is an understatement. hold everything!  car was supposed to have lane tracking a blind spot monitors standard.  sticker shows them on standard features.  car doesn't have them.  car was improperly produced leaving those features off in error. back to dealer - they agreed it was left off. they are ordering me a new one from germany on vip status, should be here in 5 weeks.  meanwhile, i drive this one unless mercedes wants it back sooner.  dealer is standing behind replacing car no matter what. so, i have a 2015 e400, but it won't be mine long. upset is an understatement. thanks, ty.  but i will admit that this whole fiasco had left we weak.  i just need some rest. i had them locked in my glove box go monday.  "is it possible the lane change warning is there, but is hidden somehow, only actually shows up when a car is there." no driver.  there are supposed to be small triangular light in the mirrors that light up orange below 25 mph and then go off showing that the monitors are activated.  when a car approaches in the blind spots the triangular light glows red as a warning. if you move into that lane, it flashes and audibly alerts you not to enter that lane. the dealership personnel and i went over the car following the directions in the manual.  there is no blind spot monitor setting (on, off or sensitivity) on the settings menu as there is supposed to be. same with lane tracking. remember, i had these features in the cls and the 2014 e i had and those two cars show the two features in the settings menu.  so there is no doubt in anyone's mind that they did not add those two standard features to the car - but rather left them off.  they would have to add new mirrors and the radar sensors along with the vibrating steering wheel for lane tracking which cannot be added to the car after it is built. thanks, ty.  but i will admit that this whole fiasco had left we weak.  i just need some rest. one surprise with that new 3.0 liter 330 hp (355 lb gt torque) engine is that i am averaging 35.5 mpg highway - unbelievably great fuel economy considering 68 miles on the car.  but the epa rated it at 29 mpg highway.  i believe that's because the engine is new, it has not been fully tested yet.  around the city, i am getting 21 mpg.  all in all, an improvement of 22% increase in mpg over the cls 550. yes, i agree because this is the first year they made those features standard on the upscale e sedan.  the sad part is that their quality control is non-existent when it came to passing this car through. i doubt it, of.  i think it was a computer glitch in assembling the car.  but it is illegal to list on the window sticker a standard or optional feature that is not on the car. stick, i totally agree with you.  for me, buying a new car every year is something i treat myself to because i love new cars.  in most other things in my life, i am very frugal (buying new cars is expensive and uses quite a bit of my annual capital). i love the smell and the feel of new cars.  when i get tired of them, i get another.  i was out of my mind to buy the cls because of its low stance and poor visibility.  but i loved that engine and already miss it.  but this new e400, even though it lacks 2 features i consider essential for me as an older driver, is as close to a perfect vehicle for me as anything else i have owned.  i sit up higher, visibility is outstanding, and 330 horsepower is sufficient to get any car moving nicely onto an interstate. once i get this problem solved with mercedes, i can hopefully enjoy my replacement car and enter my contented zone.  until then, i'll struggle with my new car that is not what i expected - at least for the next 11-12 months. just walked in the door - i have not driven in rush hour traffic in many, many years.  thanks, but no thanks, if you get my drift. this e350 w/302 hp is very sluggish compared to the e400 w/330 hp.  i did not think 30 hp would be so noticeable. no, i am not giving up on mercedes - not until/unless i have problems with their vehicles which have been rare if not totally absent. just walked in the door - i have not driven in rush hour traffic in many, many years.  thanks, but no thanks, if you get my drift. this e350 w/302 hp is very sluggish compared to the e400 w/330 hp.  i did not think 30 hp would be so noticeable. no, i am not giving up on mercedes - not until/unless i have problems with their vehicles which have been rare if not totally absent.  "mike, doesn't the e400 have twin turbos compared to the e350s one turbo? if so, that may account for some difference. lots of luck, ab!  great looking car and certainly the right color! steering wheel is on the left side i see.  thought you guys were still driving on the wrong side of the road! dino, i think you have the 2015 e400 confused with the e400 hybrid!  the new e400 does not have an electric motor.  the e400 has a 3.0 liter v6 "twin turbo" engine with 330 hp and 355 lb ft of torque. the e350 has a 3.5 liter 302 hp engine and the e400 hybrid has the 3.5 liter engine with electric motor. the mb website still does not list the 2015 e class.  i am told they will update the site shortly with the 2015 lines. dino, see my edited post above. dino, see my edited post above. dino, see my edited post above. no problem, dino. no, dino, a sedan.  if you go to edmunds.com and build a 2015 mercedes e400 sedan v6 twin turbo, you will see the car and available options and standard equipment. dino, see my edited post above. dino, see my edited post above. driver, the canadian model e400 is totally different than the usa model.  packages are different as well.  there is no premium package on the usa model - all contents are standard.  but he can build a usa model e400 rwd sedan on the edmunds website. driver, the canadian model e400 is totally different than the usa model.  packages are different as well.  there is no premium package on the usa model - all contents are standard.  but he can build a usa model e400 rwd sedan on the edmunds website. i am not sure if you would consider two different camera functions on the mb e400 as dash cams. my dash screen displays a front camera view of up to 3 lanes of traffic once i activate it.  same for a rear view while driving forward or backward. the second cam is a 360 degree top view looking down showing both sides of the car as well as front and rear in juxtaposition of other vehicles within 50 feet of you. i am not sure if you would consider two different camera functions on the mb e400 as dash cams. my dash screen displays a front camera view of up to 3 lanes of traffic once i activate it.  same for a rear view while driving forward or backward. the second cam is a 360 degree top view looking down showing both sides of the car as well as front and rear in juxtaposition of other vehicles within 50 feet of you. good luck with the new e400.  i think you'll find it more of a comfortable vehicle to drive.  you'll need time to learn its features and how to use them - a true myriad of new technology.  i also noticed that sirius traffic and weather is now free for 3 years - but the channels are for 6 months. you will find the mbrace features are a big plus knowing you are always on satellite telemetry and a press of a button away for any emergency or even concierge services.  you might want to use that free service to make dinner reservations or motel reservations on your way down here next week. just enjoy its features and let us know your feedback as you drive. got a call this afternoon from mercedes benz in montvale, nj.  i was asked if my concerns were handled appropriately by the dealership.  i responded that i was given a 2015 e350 to drive until my new car arrives from germany.  also, that a car was ordered with identical options as the first one, but that to ensure there will be no production mishaps with lane tracking and blind spot monitors, the driver assistance package was added at no additional cost to me.  further that i received a buyer's order, signed by the dealership, showing that the new car has been paid for and that the trade-in was received, showing a balance of about $3000 which the buyer (me) will not be liable for. i asked the mercedes rep if there was any way this car could be further expedited for manufacture.  the response was that the regional mercedes benz msnager would get involved with germany to see if there was anything that could be done to get the new car produced now rather than having to wait the 2 weeks, as scheduled for production.  they would contact me with an update as soon as they had more information. so, i guess they are bending over backwards to resolve this. my main concern is auto insurance.  since i don't actually own a car right now, geico said i have a 30 day grace period, after which they would be forced to cancel my insurance.  i shared that with montvale, nj, and they are aware of the problem.  my dealership gm said if it came to that (cancellation of my policy), they would solve that problem at the dealership level. anyone have any ideas about what options i have or what i could do to avoid this cancellation issue? beautiful car, driver.  i wish many years of enjoyment. welcome to the club. sounds about right to me - for a typical cutthroat us dealership!!! the dealership probably was counting on making at least $2000 on the trade and another $1000 or so on back-end finance profit on the loan (add 1 or 2 points to the interest buy rate).  when that disappeared, they had to make it up somewhere - like add $3000 to the price! oops! sounds about right to me - for a typical cutthroat us dealership!!! the dealership probably was counting on making at least $2000 on the trade and another $1000 or so on back-end finance profit on the loan (add 1 or 2 points to the interest buy rate).  when that disappeared, they had to make it up somewhere - like add $3000 to the price! oops! fmc, gm, chrysler, mercedes, etc., will advertise a 1.99% or 2.99% interest rate for highly qualified buyers.  in reality, the buy rate is at least 1% lower than the advertised rate.  i am sure of this since my experience in the car business has given me this insight after seeing it firsthand for many years. let's say a buyer takes out a 60 month loan of $20,000 at 2.49%.  the dealership earns 1%.  that is $1000 back-end profit.  often, more will be borrowed or the dealer bumps the rate another 1/2 percent. as for the salesperson explaining it?  that rarely happens.  it's the withholding of information or downright "lying" that angers me about the typical run-of-the-mill dealership. i have been quite lucky to have found a dealership that levels with me on every aspect of buying a car.  i am informed of the net buy rate of money if i want to finance, the net vehicle cost, actual wholesale values of trades (which they always add 1,000 - 2,000 dollars), and am kept in the loop rather than out of the loop. but your friend's experiences are not uncommon in this business.  dealership management will do everything it can to make as big a profit as possible even if it means lying through their teeth. i don't understand how buyers can go into a dealership thinking that everything is on the up and up, that's why i like edmunds.  at least you can go into a dealership with enough ammunition to walk out with a reasonably good deal on a new car. what i believe is necessary is for gm to make cadillac dealerships solely cadillac and rid itself of dealerships that sell chevy, buick, cadillac and gmc.  the only exception should be in towns and villages with low population thresholds which would make combined division dealerships practical. another approach could require separate showroom buildings for each division.  this is the only way i can foresee cadillac becoming more elite and exceptional - kind of like mercedes, bmw, etc.  when a customer brings his/her car to service, it should be exclusively cadillac and not a romper room for malibus, cobalts, veranos, enclaves, cts, xts, etc. the cadillac is truly a great aotomobile once again and is becoming more and more desirable among the $50,000 - $75,000 automobile populous strata.  i would definitely consider the xts for my next car assuming cadillac continues their movement toward outstanding styling, quality, performance, handling and quality control. as for the numbers of dealers, i don't know how these should be distributed around the country.  here in southeat florida, within a 50 mile radius of where i live, there are 8 mercedes dealerships, 6 of which are owned by autonation.  if you expand that distance to 75 miles, there are a total of 11.  for bmw, there are only 6 within 75 miles.  for audi, there are only 5.  cadillac has 18 dealerships - significantly more than the other luxury dealerships with most being stand-alone. liked that one, venture, huh!!! so, driver, you've had a chance to drive the e400.  would be nice to hear your opinion of the vehicle compared to the bmw 5 series. explorer, it sounds more like a mandate! imid, could you explain more about you wife and her knee?  i had a full knee replacement and was in hospital for 1 week (horrific pain) and rehab inpatient for 2 weeks followed by therapy for months. "had her leg cut off....?"  somewhat flabbergasted. "had her knee cut off....?" ok, now i understand.  the way you first described her experience sounded more like a halloween trick or treat story. i guess they do those knee replacements very differently today than 6 years ago.  i was on such pain i would never do it again. please give your wife a hug for all of us with wishes for a pain-free and speedy recovery. ok, now i understand.  the way you first described her experience sounded more like a halloween trick or treat story. i guess they do those knee replacements very differently today than 6 years ago.  i was on such pain i would never do it again. please give your wife a hug for all of us with wishes for a pain-free and speedy recovery.&lt; ditto ! so, driver, you've had a chance to drive the e400.  would be nice to hear your opinion of the vehicle compared to the bmw 5 series. so, driver, you've had a chance to drive the e400.  would be nice to hear your opinion of the vehicle compared to the bmw 5 series. i will do that.  it's a promise.  it could be a while before i make up my mind, but i will sure report back when i do. larry c the recall covers just over 64,000 volts from the 2011 through 2013 model years in the u.s., canada and elsewhere." "the detroit company says if a driver exits the car and leaves it on, the battery could eventually drain and the gas generator would start running. if that happens in a garage or other enclosed space, the dangerous gas could build up. gm said thursday it's aware of two unspecified injuries but no deaths from the problem. dealers will update software that limits how long a volt can be left idling." <span style="font-size xx-small; font-size xx-small;">  if you can read this you're fine </span> hey guys, long time no see. nice to see many many of the old familiar names still here. jmonroe still around? i saw isells, "there's an as$ for every seat", comment. reminded me of the old days.lol. thought i'd be having a sales story to share. the lease on my 2012 honda civic expires in november. thought about either buying it ($11,500) or buying a new buick regal or mazda 6. but my mother-in-law recently passed away, and i think i will probably drive her 2008 mercury mariner. with one kid in college, and the other at a private high school, seems the more economical route to go. the honda civic has been a good car, but i missed the comfort , power, and smooth ride of my previous buick. so the odds were high i would not buy when the lease ran up. the 2008 mariner has the same 3.0 ford duratec engine that my 2004 mpv (for those that remember) had. so it has a lot of power. actually laid down some rubber peeling out the other day.lol. i see shifty and steve are still hanging in there. i have a lot of fond memories of this forum, and many of you. i've really taken to tennis the past 3 years, and play quite a bit, have gotten my rating up to a 4.0, which is decent, but my kindle fire makes it difficult for me to post and navigate here. take care, the ole jipster pardon the blasphemy but is it me or i am mistaken <span class="post-font-size-medium"> </span> <span class="post-font-size-medium">  to </span> believe that most here have a stronger preference for the mustang than the camaro. no matter how hard i try, i just can't seem to warm up to the mustang. the camaro on the other hand elicits an orgasmic response and it makes the hairs on the back of my neck stand up. everything about the camaro epitomizes the modern american muscle car with style and sophistication. at a recent auto show the teenage boys (and girls) were salivating to a get a little seat time in the camaro compared to the middle aged men who surrounded the mustang. based upon that experience can i conclude that the mustang and camaro appeal to different demographics? don't want to start a war but i am a camaro man. pardon the blasphemy but is it me or i am mistaken <span class="post-font-size-medium"> </span> <span class="post-font-size-medium">  to </span> believe that most here have a stronger preference for the mustang than the camaro. no matter how hard i try, i just can't seem to warm up to the mustang. the camaro on the other hand elicits an orgasmic response and it makes the hairs on the back of my neck stand up. everything about the camaro epitomizes the modern american muscle car with style and sophistication. at a recent auto show the teenage boys (and girls) were salivating to a get a little seat time in the camaro compared to the middle aged men who surrounded the mustang. based upon that experience can i conclude that the mustang and camaro appeal to different demographics? don't want to start a war but i am a camaro man. "hyundai is recalling and replacing the engines in nearly a half-million sonata sedans in the u.s. because of a manufacturing defect that could cause them to stall. the recall covers 470,000 vehicles made between dec. 11, 2009, and apr. 12, 2012 at the company's alabama assembly plant equipped with 2-liter or 2.4 liter gasoline engines."  this is a quote from nbc news. whether or not the above article is true or half true, it can be a huge expense.  obviously, they have found these defects in more than just a few engines.  remember, hyundai warrants its engines and drive trains for 10 year is 100,000 miles.  it will be interesting to see if they replace most if not all engines.  if the engine seizes up wile driving, accidents will eventually result.  even if the defects don't show up now, they probably will show up during the warranty.  so why take the chance of lawsuits for injuries or deaths.  in the long run, replacing the engines may be the least expensive alternative.  additionally, the value of these cars will or have dropped a ton unless/until the engine is replaced and warranted for 10 years or 100,000 miles. <i>  "“there is this general notion that the u.s. is overstating the case in order to damage one of the major competitors of the u.s. carmakers,” said nils stieglitz, a professor at the frankfurt school of finance who studies corporate strategy." </i> <i> </i> unbelievable. with all the land, reduced taxes, and assistance in training workers and who knows what other tax breaks the vw company and others are given, they have the chutzpah to criticize the us as being anti-germany!!! <i>  "“there is this general notion that the u.s. is overstating the case in order to damage one of the major competitors of the u.s. carmakers,” said nils stieglitz, a professor at the frankfurt school of finance who studies corporate strategy." </i> <i> </i> unbelievable. with all the land, reduced taxes, and assistance in training workers and who knows what other tax breaks the vw company and others are given, they have the chutzpah to criticize the us as being anti-germany!!! i got a chuckle after reading this mr. harper* wasknown as a good negotiator. <b>  an automobile dealer once said of him, ''i've beenselling him cars a long time and he only allows me enough profit to buy ahamburger and not a steak.'' </b> *john d. harper, was ceo of alcoa until 1975 looking  forward to seeing cle at gs in game 2 of the 2016 nba finals tonight. whew! i have been reading old posts trying to catch up the past couple of days. around 750 'cars and member conversations' and 550 'ccba' posts! those of you who have fallen behind before know what i'm talkin'about! nice ta be back on here. any of you driven a 2015 or 2016 nissan versa s sedan? suydam has driven the versa note and i believe pf flyer owns one of each. i'm just researching the 2016 nissan versa s sedan 5-speed. there's one in the kc metro selling for $10,988 in gun metal grey and 5-speeds that i'd like ta test drive. very carefully, though. would anyone know why my format here is all jacked up? there are no boundaries between posts. it's like one big run on sentence. i research cars for a couple of years before buying, and this time around i had a list of 12 sedans and suv's that i slowly eliminated through test drives until ending up with the sonata eco. i have 1000 miles on the car and am extremely pleased with it. before buying, i drove a base model sonata for a week as a rental and liked the feel of the car. it rides well, has a lot of features, and the build quality is excellent, but it's a bit slow to accelerate, ar here's what the new tv looks like. <i>  the </i> <strong>  <i>   ecodan ftc5  </i> </strong> <i>  hydrobox models feature the mitsubishi electric fifth-generation controller which includes intelligent room temperature control as standard. this together with advanced weather compensation ensures the system delivers efficient, comfortable heating regardless of the season. </i> so it would seem that it is a system for heating areas. <i>  the </i> <strong>  <i>   ecodan ftc5  </i> </strong> <i>  hydrobox models feature the mitsubishi electric fifth-generation controller which includes intelligent room temperature control as standard. this together with advanced weather compensation ensures the system delivers efficient, comfortable heating regardless of the season. </i> so it would seem that it is a system for heating areas. <i>  according to td’s records, you may have completed a penny arcade transaction at a </i> <i>  td store between april 11, 2010, and july 12, 2017, inclusive (the “class period”), and therefore may be eligible for a payment from the class action settlement if it is approved. you are receiving this notice because you have a right to know about a proposed settlement and about all of your options before the court decides whether to give final approval to the settlement. </i> <i>  if the settlement is approved, td bank will create a $7,500,000 fund to make payments to class members and up to $100,000 in litigation costs. each class member's exact payment cannot be determined now, but payments will be calculated by applying a multiplier of 0.26% (based on extensive third party testing of machine accuracy) to identifiable class members' penny arcade transactions during the class period, after which any additional amount in the fund will be added pro rata to each class member's payment. this means payment to class members will likely be at least 26¢ per $100 exchanged using penny arcade during the class period. any amount remaining in the fund after all payments are made to the class members will be donated to one or more court-approved non-profit organizations. td will also pay attorneys' fees of up to $1,935,000 and service payments of up to $65,000, in the aggregate, to the named plaintiffs. td will not resume using the machines at issue in the lawsuits to provide self-service coin counting in td stores. </i> on. they're gonna cost me $511 total for four of them, which includes mounting and balancing. i do love my '11 kia soul, you guys are right, the bad icy snows may not come again for days or weeks, but this way i'll be ready. i already owe 3 more years of payments of $256.03 a month on the soul, so, getting an impreza with subaru financing at 1.9% was one idea. either '0' down or i was thinking of putting $500 down and financing the car. they'd plop the underage on my soul loan of at least $3,500 on to the impreza cost of roughly $19,000. idaho tax (there's no 5-speed impreza's currently for sale in 2.0i trim in washington right now and coeur d'alene, id, is 215 miles east of me here in manson)  is only 6%. i figure my out the door total is gonna be around $24,000 to $24,500 that would drive payments of approximately $350 a month for 6 years. my thinking is we can afford $100 more a month for a car with near zero miles that would probably be our last new car. run it and take good care of all it's maintenance and love it to bitzies. that's still my plan going forward after getting the michelin's. i tried talking subaru to my wife and she lost her hearing for some strange reason. anyway, friends, i still love the idea of getting the subie. it would've got me home in the bad storm sunday morning, but that was prime ice storm weather. long time mansonites claim this will happen again, so be ready for it. we're on a hill overlooking beautiful lake chelan - good size cascade mountains are right here and continue west towards seattle. still need to head west and visit my sister in bothell - she's having a hard time adjusting to a long term care apartment she's been put in with her husband. he has alzheimer's and my older sis has long-term injuries from a bad wreck when she was only 14. she has several artificial hips on her resume plus neurological damage from the accident. her hands will carry a seattle seahawk coffee mug with coffee in it, but her hands shake and she'll spill. that sort of thing. she loves me and i her so much and we talk on the phone often. she needs her brother there in a new subaru to go head out and drive seattle a little bit. she says she "wants to see some of her surroundings" a bit. i don't blame her. her husband can no longer drive and because of her accident she can't drive either, so every day a bus from the long-term care complex takes whoever is medically cleared ta leave to fred meyer to shop. she needs me ta get her outta there for a little more livin', that should happen in november sometime - i'll head 200 miles west. the highway pass (i-90) can get nasty, oh yes it can, so the snow tires on the soul will really come in handy. anyhow, i've got time to type and share my thoughts, i am really enjoying getting on here. been concentrating on getting my job done so hard that i'm exhausted. if i were ta give percantage odds of trading the soul in on a new subie right now, i'd say there's a 65% chance i'll trade, possibly to parker subaru of beautiful coeur d'alene, id, by thanksgiving. i looked this morning and they've got a silver sedan and two hatchbacks, a black one and a white one, both selling for a good price of $19,400 right now. the silver one just showed up online today (early, about 800am), parker subaru appears to be a hotspot for my kind of subaru. <b>  anyone ever drive on michelin x-ice xi3 snow tires? or had them in the past? </b> i now remember why i love living here in south florida - the weather during the winter and spring.  it was 58 degrees this morning when i went walking so i put on a sweater.  by 1000 am, it was 72 degrees and took off my sweater - not a cloud in the sky.  it is now 76 degrees, barely a breeze, and i have all the windows wide open.  had the sunroof open in the car for the first time. but, i then realized why i dislike living here - the traffic and the people.  i was doing my bi-weekly food shopping at walmart when a woman who was texting on her smartphone hit me with her shopping cart and caused me to fall on my back.  she looked down at me and told me to watch out where i was walking.  luckily, an employee came running over to help me off the floor and told the lady to stop texting when she was walking in the store because she pushed her shopping cart right into me and could have severely injured me.  i was unable to stand up - my arm hurt be so bad and i was bleeding from the back of my head. the employee called the the manager on his walkie-talkie and asked him to call for an ambulance.  during all this commotion, the woman (had to weigh 200 pounds - at a minimum) tried to walk away but the employee had the store security stop her from leaving until the police arrived. yep, ended up in the hospital.  police investigators took down my account of what happened while i was in the emergency room and assured me they had the eye witness account from the walmart employee - that the woman was at fault because she was texting and was not watching where she was walking - and that she walked right into me with her shopping cart. i was just released from the hospital and had to take a cab home.  my car is still parked at walmart.  the store manager is coming over to get my car keys and will drive my car to my condo and park it in my spot.  the police charged her with battery which caused me serious injuries.  i have 6 stitches in the back of my head, a mild concussion, and my left arm is in a sling.  i have a nurse coming over later to watch me for 8 hours to make sure i am ok.  that was the only way they would release me from the hospital - i hate that place!. i have to have my doctor take the stitches out next week - they are supposedly staples. the police said i might not have to be called in to testify since the woman said she was texting at the time and was not paying attention and she agreed with what the store employee said about the accident. never a dull moment in my life. <span class="post-font-size-medium">  being drunk is a relative term.i've always maintained that you ain't drunk if you can lie on the floor withoutholding on. therefore, i've only been drunk once...that i can remember. </span> <span class="post-font-size-medium"> </span> <span class="post-font-size-medium">  jmonroe </span> <span class="post-font-size-medium">  the onlyikea in the burgh area is on the other side  <span style="text-decoration line-through;">   of the earth  </span>  of town from us. it's outtowards the airport and i'm in no hurry to go out that way. we were at ikeamany years ago about 2 months after the newness wore off and didn't buy asingle thing, which for mrs. j is unimaginable. still can't believe that. </span> <span class="post-font-size-medium"> </span> <span class="post-font-size-medium">  about theairport thingy, i don't even deal with that airport anymore. the last few yearsi have only flown to delray beach florida to see my sil several times and onceto myrtle beach, so i use spirit that flies out of latrobe pa which is closerand more convenient for me anyway. on top of that, spirit is cheaper and theydon't even charge for parking, long or short term, at latrobe. i hope we don'thave any spirit lurkers in here because i admit that i'd pay more to fly out oflatrobe than go to greater pitt, because it's so much better for me. </span> <span class="post-font-size-medium"> </span> <span class="post-font-size-medium">  as for costcowe don't go there because it's much further away for us compared to sam's clubso i can't make an honest comparison but i know several people who belong toboth and they say if you closed your eyes you wouldn't know the difference. infact one of my better friends said, "people like to say they belong tocostco because saying you belong to sam's club infers you are a wal-mart typeperson". again, just something i heard. i'm not knocking costco and ifthey were closer than sam's club that's where we'd belong. </span> <span class="post-font-size-medium"> </span> <span class="post-font-size-medium">  talkingabout sam's club, we just bought a samsung 50 inch tv there yesterday and saved50 bucks compared to best buy. we had stopped at best buy first just to seewhat was available to replace a still working 37 inch toshiba lcd job that wegot in 2008 for the office. had to get some stuff at sam's so i decided to seewhat they had. i was very surprised to see they had the identical tv, not justclose, but identical samsung tv. </span> <span class="post-font-size-medium"> </span> <span class="post-font-size-medium">  it looksgood to me so far but i'll have to ask one of our friends that have bothmemberships, the next time they come over, if the samsung that costco sells hasa better picture but i doubt it. </span> <span class="post-font-size-medium">  jmonroe </span> <span class="post-font-size-medium">  it'sinteresting that you mention the food being better at sam's but not beingpleased with the clothing. </span> <span class="post-font-size-medium">  when wefirst started going to sam's it was onlyfor the paper products, canned goods, dishwasher cleaning suds and stuff likethat. never even considered buying meat there until one time while walking pastthe meat cases i saw some steaks that were cut and trimmed the way i like themso i got a package of 4 steaks. mrs. j was kinda leery about that but i figuredhow bad could they be. turns out there was nothing wrong with them and now itry to buy all my steaks there and mrs. gets her chicken there too. and yes,those roasted chickens are pretty good and are less at sam's and not only dothey taste better than at the grocery store they are also bigger. so now whenwe want a cooked bird that is the only place we get it. </span> <span class="post-font-size-medium"> </span> <span class="post-font-size-medium">  now abouttheir clothes, i don't buy much of that at sam's but about 5 years ago, while iwas still working, i passed by a nice gray shirt that had a pattern and thematerial had a nice sheen to it, very different looking from the plain shirtmaterial that we all have. even mrs. j was surprised that sam's had a shirtlike that. i think it was less that 20 bucks. </span> <span class="post-font-size-medium"> </span> <span class="post-font-size-medium">  fastforward to the first time i wore that shirt to work. our group secretary,excuse me they were called administrative assistants then, who was prettyfashion conscious walked into the kitchen as i was getting my first cup ofcoffee of the day and said, "hey jmonroe, did you wife dress you thismorning, that's a really nice looking shirt". i told her i dress myselfand i pick out my own clothes. again she complimented me about the shirt and askedwhere i got it. when i told her sam's she thought i was kidding. just thenseveral other admins walked into the kitchen and she said, "don't youthink that's a nice shirt jmonroe has on? too bad his pants aren't asnice". for the record there was nothing wrong with my black pants. shethen grabs me around the waste and starts turning me around saying, "lookhow nice it fits him". then she asks the other admins to come over andfeel how nice the material was. i put a stop to that right quick saying, "hey, knock it off. i ain't no manikin, you know". </span> <span class="post-font-size-medium"> </span> <span class="post-font-size-medium">  if somethinglike that happened today i could have turned them in for sexual harassment. </span> <span class="post-font-size-medium">  jmonroe </span> it's gotten to thepoint that we are almost forced to buy on line even though we wouldn't mindpaying a little more to support the local stores, big box or mom and pop. a few months ago idecided to finally use my old jvc tape deck from the 70's to listen to some oldcassettes but it's been years since i haven't been able to find my old headphones that had the old 1/4 inch phono jack. i was even willing to buy new headphones with the 1/4 jack but none of the local stores had them so i asked, "whereare the adapters from 1/4 inch to 3 mm" (i already had 3 mm cord headphones)?i was willing to pay 5 bucks for the adapter so as not to have to go on line toorder. nobody had that and some looked at me like i had 3 heads. i also wanteda couple 6 feet long 3 mm cords. they didn't have that either but at least theyknew what i wanted and even said they didn't know why they didn't stock those. off to monoprice i go toget those items. believe it or not the price for the adapter was something like61 cents. in any case, way less than the 5 bucks i was willing to pay locally. thecords were a couple bucks each and seemed to be well made. it drives me nuts topay almost as much for shipping as it does for the product you want to buy online for small, throw it in an envelope and mail items (i noticed that thelight bulb you bought fell into that category). so, i bought 4 adapters and 4cords. i feel better now but don't ask me when i will ever use those spare adapters.at least there is an outside chance my grandkids might be able to use the cordsfor their "devices" when they come over, so maybe that was way back inmy head when i bought 4 of those. fwiw, i wanted the 6foot coiled cord that connects the hand set of the office telephone to the base unit. couldn't find thateither, only tripping length 12 footers are available in the stores aroundhere. son #2 has amazon prime so i had him order (2 days ago) a package of 2 ofthose including 2 tangle proof swivel adapters for me, cost about 13 bucks iirc. it's gotten to thepoint where you can't even give money away locally for things anymore. we'redoomed. jmonroe <span class="post-font-size-smaller">  (  ) </span> 2013 chrysler town &amp;amp; country condition excellent cylinders 6 cylinders fuel gas odometer 96000 size full-size title status rebuilt transmission automatic since i have bought mylast three cars out of state, i've had to do it via phone calls and internet withthe internet salesman but the last time he had to get approval from the smbecause i refused to pay the "doc fee" of almost 600 bucks that wasgoing to be applied in fairfax va. he said that is charged to everybody and itcouldn't be removed. i told him i'd only pay what i'd pay if i bought in pa(about $125 in 2015, iirc). again he said it was "company policy" andit could not be removed or lowered. i thanked him and hung up. he called backin 20 minutes and said, "my sm will reduce it to $125 but it will be shownas the normal doc fee price on the order". i told him i didn't care howthey wanted to do their bookkeeping as long as the bottom line was what iwanted. other than thatpossible glitch everything went well, just like the previous 2 purchases thatwere made in ohio. jmonroe i’m sure that must be the case. i’ve found that about 90% of cars listed on craigslist in the “private party” section are actually dealers/flippers/curbstoners (look up that word). they probably buy a lot of their “stock” at auctions, but also from people like you, where they can talk you down a few hundred off your already too-low price, then flip it within a few days and pocket the difference. they never register the car in their own name – when they sell it, they tell the buyer that the name on the title (yours) is a friend or relative who is mysteriously not available. dead giveaways for spotting these ads 1) pictures of the rear of the car show that there’s no license plate 2) generic information like “runs good”, never any specific historical info like “i’ve driven it daily for the last xxx years” 3) no indication of any kind of the history of the car, only present-day observations, always in glowing “salesman-speak” 4) and the biggest dead giveaway of them all – the ever present phrases “cold ac”, and “clean title in-hand” whenever i see those, i go to the next ad. if you’re not sure, contact them and ask “regarding your car on craigslist, how long have you owned it? do you have maintenance/repair records”? if they reply “which car”, or don’t reply at all, then skip that o as we all know, children can be taught to do the right things but you have tostart asap. mrs. j watches more than her share of hgtv and it drives her upa wall when she hears parents say, prior to remodeling, "i hope you canhelp us because the kids have taken over the house. we just don't know what todo about it anymore". we had 2 sons and they didn't "take over"our house. they were taught from day one how to take care of everything in thehouse including their toys. how often have you heard parents say, "when thekids get older we'll buy better furniture"? we never looked at it likethat because you never know what can happen so why should we deny ourselves thebetter stuff if we wanted it now. that was our philosophy and it worked for us. don't get me wrong, our sons were not angels but they knew rightfrom wrong and they were far from being home wreckers. of course there were a fewtimes i didn't think either of them would make it through the day, let alone until they were 10, but all of us workedon it. you just have to start and it's never too soon. jmonroe ...flood watch in effect from saturday morning through sundayevening the national weather service in miami has issued a * flood watch for a portion of south florida, including the following areas, coastal broward, coastal collier, coastal miami-dade, coastal palm beach, far south miami-dade, glades, hendry, inland broward, inland collier, inland miami-dade, inland palm beach, mainland monroe, metro broward, metro miami- dade, and metro palm beach. * from saturday morning through sunday evening * widespread rainfall amounts of 4 to 8 inches are expected due to deep tropical moisture streaming northward into south florida. locally much higher amounts are possible. rainfall of this magnitude may lead to flooding. * grounds are fairly saturated from rainfall earlier in the week so additional rainfall will more easily runoff and lead to flooding. flooding of canals, streets, and underpasses, as well as other drainage areas and low-lying spots can be expected. the hardest hit areas may see water intruding on vulnerable structures and causing impassable travel lanes and roadways. precautionary/preparedness actions a flood watch means there is a potential for flooding based on current forecasts. you should monitor later forecasts and be alert for possible flood warnings. those living in areas prone to flooding should be prepared to take action should flooding develop. my flx bike will do better than 30 mph.  it has a limiter on it.  the company "hinted" that i should contact them for a "surprise" after i bought it.  it was then i was told it had a limiter.  they told me how to remove the limiter (really easy as it's an electric limiter and not mechanical).  i've had my bike up to 45 mph, but that was on a slight downhill. of course, the faster you go, the more power you use.  allegedly, i'm supposed to go 40 miles on a single charge.  i've never tempted that and usually go no more than 30-35 miles between charges.  that's with the limiter on, though. a man was going down the road from the city of jerusalem to jericho. this man was a jew. as he was walking along, robbers grabbed him. they knocked him down and took his money and his clothes. the robbers beat him up and left him half dead beside the road. a short time later, a priest came along that road. he saw the man who was badly hurt. what would you have done?— well, the priest just went by on the opposite side of the road. he didn’t even stop. he didn’t do anything at all to help the man.